to have a heart

to have a heart to heart talk

my heart isn't in it

to have a big heart

to give someone the shirt off one's back

cross my heart

follow your heart

gut instinct; instinctive feeling|you feel something is true; My gut instinct told me not to trust him.|When making decisions, I often listen to my gut instinct.

a heavy heart; to be sad;something bad happend and we have to inform someone; It's with a heavy heart that I have to tell you that she passed away. 

to wear your heart on your sleeve; to show emotions|to show emotions on your face;

be written all over one's face; you can see what the person is feeling or thinking just by looking at them; I know you're lying. It's written all over your face.|She was trying to hide her sadness, but it was written all over her face.

from the bottom of my heart; I truly mean it

wholeheartedly; completely|sincerely; I agree with you wholeheartedly|I support you wholeheartedly|If he wins the election, he will serve the people wholeheartedly.

my heart goes out to you; I feel for you|I understand

by heart; 

to know something like the back of your hand; to know something completely|to know everything about it; I've lived in this city my whole life. I know this city like the back of my hand.|I've sung this song many times. I know this song like my back of hand. 

That nearly gave my a heart attack; very surprised|very scared;

my heart skipped a beat; very surprised|excited; when I heard the news, my heart skipped a beat.|When my boss called me to his office, my heart skipped a beat.

fear of heights; scared of heights; I'm afraid to look down because I've got fear of heights.

to prank; to play a trick on someone; He was hiding behind a tree and he jumped out to scare me. He pranked me.|He thought it was a real spider, but it was a prank. We played a prank on him.

to have your heart set on something; to really want|strong desire; 

absence makes the heart grow fonder; when someone is not there, you love them more; 

to be around; to be here|to be in this area; Look at that cat. He's always around|Where have you been? I haven't seen you around. I miiss you when you're not around.|Have then left town yet? NO, I think they're still around.

have a heart; try to understand|don't be so cold-hearted

have heart; to be brave

to see where someone is coming from; I understand your situation|I understand your beliefs or ideas; I wouldn't do what you did, but I see where you are coming from.|I've been throught the same situation as you. I know where you're coming from.

The way to a man's heawrt is through his stomach; man love good food

harf-hearted; harf-hearted effort|harf-hearted attempt not giving something your full attention and effort.

not into it; not enjoying it|not interested in it|not excited about it; I went to the concert, but I wasn't really into it.

broken-hearted; to be deeply hurt by something;

to be broken up with; when someone ends a relationhip with you;

torn up; to be torn up| to be very upset; He's been all torn up since his girlfriend broke up with him.

the heart wants what the heart want;

red flag; a sign|a warning about a petential problem; Your new boyfriend has been married three times? That's a red flag!|When you're in love, you sometimes don't see the red flags.|He lies a lot. That's a big red flag.