dad
n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk
daily
a. of or belonging to or occurring every day
ad. every day; without missing a day
damage
n. any harm or injury resulting from a violation of a legal right
n. loss of military equipment
damn
n. something of little value
ad. extremely
dance
n. an artistic form of nonverbal communication
n. taking a series of rhythmical steps (and movements) in time to music
dancer
n. a person who participates in a social gathering arranged for dancing (as a ball)
n. a performer who dances professionally
danger
n. a venture undertaken without regard to possible loss or injury
n. the condition of being susceptible to harm or injury
danish
n. a Scandinavian language that is the official language of Denmark
n. light sweet yeast-raised roll usually filled with fruits or cheese
dare
v. to be courageous enough to try or do something
v. challenge
dark
a. stemming from evil characteristics or forces; wicked or dishonorable
n. absence of light or illumination
darken
v. become dark or darker
v. make dark or darker
darkness
n. an unilluminated area
n. an unenlightened state
darling
a. dearly loved
n. a special loved one
dating
n. a meeting arranged in advance
n. a particular but unspecified point in time
daughter
n. a female human offspring
daughter-in-law
n. the wife of your son
day
n. time for Earth to make a complete rotation on its axis
n. the time after sunrise and before sunset while it is light outside
daybreak
n. the first light of day
daylight
n. light during the daytime
n. the time after sunrise and before sunset while it is light outside
daytime
n. the time after sunrise and before sunset while it is light outside
daze
v. to cause someone to lose clear vision, especially from intense light
v. overcome as with astonishment or disbelief
dead
a. devoid of activity
a. no longer having force or relevance
deadline
n. the point in time at which something must be completed
deafen
v. make or render deaf
v. be unbearably loud
dealer
n. a firm engaged in trading
n. a seller of illicit goods
dealing
n. the act of transacting within or between groups (as carrying on commercial activities)
n. method or manner of conduct in relation to others
dear
ad. with affection
a. having a high price
death
n. the time when something ends
n. a final state
deathly
ad. to a degree resembling death
a. causing or capable of causing death
debit
n. an accounting entry acknowledging sums that are owing
v. enter as debit
deceased
a. dead
n. someone who is no longer alive
deceitful
a. marked by deliberate deceptiveness especially by pretending one set of feelings and acting under the influence of another
a. intended to deceive
december
n. the last (12th) month of the year
decency
n. the quality of being polite and respectable
n. the quality of conforming to standards of propriety and morality
decide
v. influence or determine
v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something
decided
a. recognizable; marked
decidedly
ad. without question and beyond doubt
decision
n. (boxing) a victory won on points when no knockout has occurred
n. the outcome of a game or contest
decisive
a. determining or having the power to determine an outcome
a. characterized by decision and firmness
deduction
n. a reduction in the gross amount on which a tax is calculated; reduces taxes by the percentage fixed for the taxpayer's income bracket
n. the act of subtracting (removing a part from the whole)
deep
a. strong; intense
n. a long steep-sided depression in the ocean floor
deepen
v. make more intense, stronger, or more marked
v. make deeper
deeply
ad. to a great depth;far down
ad. to a great depth psychologically
deer
n. distinguished from Bovidae by the male's having solid deciduous antlers
defiant
a. boldly resisting authority or an opposing force
deflection
n. the amount by which a propagating wave is bent
n. a twist or aberration; especially a perverse or abnormal way of judging or acting
degree
n. a position on a scale of intensity or amount or quality
n. a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process
delegation
n. a group of representatives or delegates
n. authorizing subordinates to make certain decisions
deletion
n. (genetics) the loss or absence of one or more nucleotides from a chromosome
n. the act of deleting something written or printed
deliberation
n. careful consideration
n. the trait of thoughtfulness in action or decision
delicacy
n. something considered choice to eat
n. smallness of stature
delight
v. hold spellbound
v. take delight in
delightful
a. greatly pleasing or entertaining
deliverance
n. recovery or preservation from loss or danger
delivery
n. (baseball) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter
n. the voluntary transfer of something (title or possession) from one party to another
delusive
a. inappropriate to reality or facts
demand
v. lay legal claim to
v. summon to court
demanding
v. lay legal claim to
v. summon to court
democrat
n. an advocate of democratic principles
n. a member of the Democratic Party
democratic
a. belong to or relating to the Democratic Party
a. characterized by or advocating or based upon the principles of democracy or social equality
demurrage
n. a charge required as compensation for the delay of a ship or freight car or other cargo beyond its scheduled time of departure
n. detention of a ship or freight car or other cargo beyond its scheduled time of departure
den
n. a room that is comfortable and secluded
n. a hiding place; usually a remote place used by outlaws
denmark
n. a constitutional monarchy in northern Europe; consists of the mainland of Jutland and many islands between the North Sea and the Baltic Sea
denominate
v. assign a name or title to
department
n. the territorial and administrative division of some countries (such as France)
n. a specialized division of a large organization
depend
v. have faith or confidence in
v. be contingent upon (something that is elided)
dependability
n. the quality of being dependable or reliable
dependant
a. contingent on something else
n. a person who relies on another person for support (especially financial support)
depiction
n. a drawing of the outlines of forms or objects
n. a graphic or vivid verbal description
depth
n. the intellectual ability to penetrate deeply into ideas
n. degree of psychological or intellectual profundity
derivation
n. the source or origin from which something derives (i.e. comes or issues)
n. inherited properties shared with others of your bloodline
derrick
n. a simple crane having lifting tackle slung from a boom
n. a framework erected over an oil well to allow drill tubes to be raised and lowered
describe
v. make a mark or lines on a surface
v. to give an account or representation of in words
designation
n. the act of designating or identifying something
n. identifying word or words by which someone or something is called and classified or distinguished from others
designer
n. a person who specializes in designing architectural interiors and their furnishings
n. someone who designs clothing
desk
n. a piece of furniture with a writing surface and usually drawers or other compartments
desolation
n. sadness resulting from being forsaken or abandoned
n. an event that results in total destruction
desperation
n. desperate recklessness
n. a state in which all hope is lost or absent
destroy
v. destroy completely; damage irreparably
v. put (an animal) to death
detail
n. extended treatment of particulars
v. assign to a specific task
detailed
a. developed or executed with care and in minute detail
deterioration
n. process of changing to an inferior state
n. a symptom of reduced quality or strength
detract
v. take away a part from; diminish
devaluation
n. the reduction of something's value or worth
n. an official lowering of a nation's currency; a decrease in the value of a country's currency relative to that of foreign countries
devalue
v. remove the value from; deprive of its value
v. lower the value or quality of
develop
v. move into a strategically more advantageous position
v. cause to grow and differentiate in ways conforming to its natural development
developing
n. processing a photosensitive material in order to make an image visible
a. relating to societies in which capital needed to industrialize is in short supply
development
n. a state in which things are improving; the result of developing (as in the early part of a game of chess)
n. a recent event that has some relevance for the present situation
deviation
n. a turning aside (of your course or attention or concern)
n. the difference between an observed value and the expected value of a variable or function
devil
n. a cruel wicked and inhuman person
v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
devoted
a. zealous in devotion or affection
a. (followed by `to') dedicated exclusively to a purpose or use
dew
n. water that has condensed on a cool surface overnight from water vapor in the air
dial
n. the circular graduated indicator on various measuring instruments
n. a disc on a telephone that is rotated a fixed distance for each number called
dialog
n. a literary composition in the form of a conversation between two people
n. a conversation between two persons
diamond
n. the area of a baseball field that is enclosed by 3 bases and home plate
n. a playing card in the minor suit that has one or more red rhombuses on it
diary
n. a personal journal (as a physical object)
n. a daily written record of (usually personal) experiences and observations
dictation
n. speech intended for reproduction in writing
n. an authoritative direction or instruction to do something
dictatorship
n. a form of government in which the ruler is an absolute dictator (not restricted by a constitution or laws or opposition etc.)
dictionary
n. a reference book containing an alphabetical list of words with information about them
die
v. lose sparkle or bouquet
v. to be on base at the end of an inning, of a player
diesel
n. an internal-combustion engine that burns heavy oil
n. German engineer (born in France) who invented the diesel engine (1858-1913)
difference
n. a variation that deviates from the standard or norm
n. a disagreement or argument about something important
different
a. unlike in nature or quality or form or degree
a. marked by dissimilarity
differential
a. involving or containing one or more derivatives
n. the result of mathematical differentiation; the instantaneous change of one quantity relative to another; df(x)/dx
differently
ad. in another and different manner
difficult
a. hard to control
a. not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure
difficulty
n. an effort that is inconvenient
n. a condition or state of affairs almost beyond one's ability to deal with and requiring great effort to bear or overcome
dig
n. an aggressive remark directed at a person like a missile and intended to have a telling effect
v. turn up, loosen, or remove earth
digit
n. one of the elements that collectively form a system of numeration
n. a finger or toe in human beings or corresponding body part in other vertebrates
dike
v. enclose with a dike
n. a barrier constructed to contain the flow of water or to keep out the sea
dinner
n. a party of people assembled to have dinner together
n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday
direct
v. lead, as in the performance of a composition
v. be in charge of
direction
n. a line leading to a place or point
n. a message describing how something is to be done
directive
a. showing the way by conducting or leading; imposing direction on
n. a pronouncement encouraging or banning some activity
directly
ad. without deviation
ad. in a forthright manner; candidly or frankly
director
n. the person who directs the making of a film
n. someone who supervises the actors and directs the action in the production of a show
directory
n. an alphabetical list of names and addresses
n. (computer science) a listing of the files stored in memory (usually on a hard disk)
dirt
n. obscene terms for feces
a. (of roads) not leveled or drained; unsuitable for all year travel
dirty
a. expressing or revealing hostility or dislike
v. make soiled, filthy, or dirty
disabled
a. incapable of functioning as a consequence of injury or illness
n. people collectively who are crippled or otherwise physically handicapped
disadvantageous
a. constituting a disadvantage
disagree
v. be different from one another
v. be of different opinions
disagreement
n. the speech act of disagreeing or arguing or disputing
n. a conflict of people's opinions or actions or characters
disallow
v. command against
disappear
v. get lost, as without warning or explanation
v. become invisible or unnoticeable
disappearance
n. the act of leaving secretly or without explanation
n. ceasing to exist
disappoint
v. fail to meet the hopes or expectations of
disappointed
a. disappointingly unsuccessful
disburse
v. expend, as from a fund
disbursement
n. the act of spending or disbursing money
n. amounts paid for goods and services that may be currently tax deductible (as opposed to capital expenditures)
disciplinary
a. relating to a specific field of academic study
a. relating to discipline in behavior
disclaim
v. make a disclaimer about
v. renounce a legal claim or title to
discontinue
v. come to or be at an end
v. put an end to a state or an activity
discover
v. find unexpectedly
v. make a discovery
discovery
n. a productive insight
n. something that is discovered
discreetly
ad. with discretion; prudently and with wise self-restraint
discrimination
n. the cognitive process whereby two or more stimuli are distinguished
n. unfair treatment of a person or group on the basis of prejudice
discuss
v. to consider or examine in speech or writing
v. speak with others about (something); talk (something) over in detail; have a discussion
discussion
n. an extended communication (often interactive) dealing with some particular topic
n. an exchange of views on some topic
disease
n. an impairment of health or a condition of abnormal functioning
disgraceful
a. giving offense to moral sensibilities and injurious to reputation
a. (used of conduct or character) deserving or bringing disgrace or shame
disgustful
a. highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust
dish
v. provide (usually but not necessarily food)
n. the quantity that a dish will hold
dishonor
v. bring shame or dishonor upon
v. force (someone) to have sex against their will
dishonorable
a. lacking honor or integrity; deserving dishonor
a. deceptive or fraudulent; disposed to cheat or defraud or deceive
disillusion
n. freeing from false belief or illusions
v. free from enchantment
disintegration
n. the spontaneous disintegration of a radioactive substance along with the emission of ionizing radiation
n. total destruction
dislike
n. an inclination to withhold approval from some person or group
v. have or feel a dislike or distaste for
disloyal
a. deserting your allegiance or duty to leader or cause or principle
a. showing lack of love for your country
disloyalty
n. the quality of being disloyal
dismissal
n. the termination of someone's employment (leaving them free to depart)
n. permission to go; the sending away of someone
disobey
v. refuse to go along with; refuse to follow; be disobedient
displease
v. give displeasure to
displeasure
n. the feeling of being displeased or annoyed or dissatisfied with someone or something
disposal
n. the power to use something or someone
n. a method of tending to or managing the affairs of a some group of people (especially the group's business affairs)
dissatisfaction
n. the feeling of being displeased and discontent
dissatisfy
v. fail to satisfy
distillation
n. the process of purifying a liquid by boiling it and condensing its vapors
n. a purified liquid produced by condensation from a vapor during distilling; the product of distilling
distributor
n. electrical device that distributes voltage to the spark plugs of a gasoline engine in the order of the firing sequence
n. a person with authority to allot or deal out or apportion
disunite
v. force, take, or pull apart
v. part; cease or break association with
disuse
n. the state of something that has been unused and neglected
ditto
v. repeat an action or statement
n. a mark used to indicate the word above it should be repeated
do
v. carry on or function
v. be sufficient; be adequate, either in quality or quantity
doctor
v. restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken
n. a licensed medical practitioner
dog
n. metal supports for logs in a fireplace
v. go after with the intent to catch
doggedly
ad. with obstinate determination
dollar
n. a United States coin worth one dollar
n. a symbol of commercialism or greed
donkey
n. domestic beast of burden descended from the African wild ass; patient but stubborn
n. the symbol of the Democratic Party; introduced in cartoons by Thomas Nast in 1874
door
n. a swinging or sliding barrier that will close the entrance to a room or building or vehicle
n. a structure where people live or work (usually ordered along a street or road)
doorway
n. the entrance (the space in a wall) through which you enter or leave a room or building; the space that a door can close
double
n. a stand-in for movie stars to perform dangerous stunts
v. do double duty; serve two purposes or have two functions
dough
n. informal terms for money
n. a flour mixture stiff enough to knead or roll
dove
n. flesh of a pigeon suitable for roasting or braising; flesh of a dove (young squab) may be broiled
n. any of numerous small pigeons
down
n. fine soft dense hair (as the fine short hair of cattle or deer or the wool of sheep or the undercoat of certain dogs)
ad. spatially or metaphorically from a higher to a lower level or position
downstairs
a. on or of lower floors of a building
ad. on a floor below
downward
a. extending or moving from a higher to a lower place
a. on or toward a surface regarded as a base
downwards
ad. spatially or metaphorically from a higher to a lower level or position
dozen
n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one
a. denoting a quantity consisting of 12 items or units
dragon
v. proceed for an extended period of time
v. last unnecessarily long
dramatist
n. someone who writes plays
dream
n. a cherished desire
v. have a daydream; indulge in a fantasy
dress
v. decorate (food), as with parsley or other ornamental foods
v. arrange in ranks
dressing
n. a mixture of seasoned ingredients used to stuff meats and vegetables
n. the activity of getting dressed; putting on clothes
drink
v. propose a toast to
v. be fascinated or spell-bound by; pay close attention to
drive
v. have certain properties when driven
n. a wide scenic road planted with trees
driver
n. (computer science) a program that determines how a computer will communicate with a peripheral device
n. a golfer who hits the golf ball with a driver
droop
v. hang loosely or laxly
n. a shape that sags
drop
n. a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity
v. fall or descend to a lower place or level
dropout
n. someone who quits school before graduation
n. someone who withdraws from a social group or environment
drug
v. use recreational drugs
n. a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic
drugstore
n. a retail shop where medicine and other articles are sold
drum
n. small to medium-sized bottom-dwelling food and game fishes of shallow coastal and fresh waters that make a drumming noise
n. a musical percussion instrument; usually consists of a hollow cylinder with a membrane stretched across each end
drunk
n. a chronic drinker
a. as if under the influence of alcohol
drunkard
n. a chronic drinker
dry
a. free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet
v. remove the moisture from and make dry
duck
n. (cricket) a score of nothing by a batsman
v. submerge or plunge suddenly
duke
n. a nobleman (in various countries) of high rank
n. a British peer of the highest rank
dummy
n. a person who does not talk
n. an ignorant or foolish person
dumping
n. a place where supplies can be stored
v. fall abruptly
dung
v. defecate; used of animals
v. fertilize or dress with dung
dungeon
n. the main tower within the walls of a medieval castle or fortress
n. a dark cell (usually underground) where prisoners can be confined
dusk
n. the time of day immediately following sunset
v. become dusk
dust
v. cover with a light dusting of a substance
n. the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up
dustbin
n. a bin that holds rubbish until it is collected
dusty
a. covered with a layer of dust
a. lacking originality or spontaneity; no longer new
duty
n. a government tax on imports or exports
n. the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force
dynasty
n. a sequence of powerful leaders in the same family
each
ad. to or from every one of two or more (considered individually)
a. (used of count nouns) every one considered individually
eagle
v. shoot in two strokes under par
v. shoot two strokes under par
ear
n. attention to what is said
n. the externally visible cartilaginous structure of the external ear
earl
n. a British peer ranking below a marquess and above a viscount
early
ad. before the usual time or the time expected
a. of an early stage in the development of a language or literature
earmark
n. identification mark on the ear of a domestic animal
v. give or assign a resource to a particular person or cause
earn
v. acquire or deserve by one's efforts or actions
v. earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages
earnings
n. the excess of revenues over outlays in a given period of time (including depreciation and other non-cash expenses)
n. something that remunerates
earphone
n. electro-acoustic transducer for converting electric signals into sounds; it is held over or inserted into the ear
earth
n. the loose soft material that makes up a large part of the land surface
n. the solid part of the earth's surface
earthly
a. of or belonging to or characteristic of this earth as distinguished from heaven
easily
ad. indicating high probability; in all likelihood
ad. with ease (`easy' is sometimes used informally for `easily')
east
ad. to, toward, or in the east
n. the countries of Asia
easter
n. a Christian celebration of the Resurrection of Christ; celebrated on the Sunday following the first full moon after the vernal equinox
n. a wind from the east
eastern
a. lying toward or situated in the east
a. from the east; used especially of winds
eastward
a. moving toward the east
n. the cardinal compass point that is at 90 degrees
easy
ad. in a relaxed manner; or without hardship
a. less in demand and therefore readily obtainable
easy-going
n. easy unobstructed progress
a. not hurried or forced
eat
v. take in food; used of animals only
v. worry or cause anxiety in a persistent way
economically
ad. with respect to the economic system
ad. in an economical manner
editor
n. (computer science) a program designed to perform such editorial functions as rearrangement or modification or deletion of data
n. a person responsible for the editorial aspects of publication; the person who determines the final content of a text (...
educate
v. teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment
v. give an education to
educational
a. relating to the process of education
a. providing knowledge
eel
n. voracious snakelike marine or freshwater fishes with smooth slimy usually scaleless skin and having a continuous vertical fin but no ventral fins
n. the fatty flesh of eel; an elongate fish found in fresh water in Europe and America; large eels are...
effect
v. act so as to bring into existence
n. a symptom caused by an illness or a drug
effectively
ad. in an effective manner
ad. in actuality or reality or fact
egg
n. one of the two male reproductive glands that produce spermatozoa and secrete androgens
n. oval reproductive body of a fowl (especially a hen) used as food
eggplant
n. hairy upright herb native to southeastern Asia but widely cultivated for its large glossy edible fruit commonly used as a vegetable
n. egg-shaped vegetable having a shiny skin typically dark purple but occasionally white or yellow
egypt
n. an ancient empire to the west of Israel; centered on the Nile River and ruled by a Pharaoh; figured in many events described in the Old Testament
n. a republic in northeastern Africa known as the United Arab Republic until 1971; site of an ancient ...
egyptian
n. a native or inhabitant of Egypt
a. of or relating to or characteristic of Egypt or its people or their language
eight
n. the cardinal number that is the sum of seven and one
n. one of four playing cards in a deck with eight pips on the face
eighteen
n. the cardinal number that is the sum of seventeen and one
a. being one more than seventeen
eighth
n. position eight in a countable series of things
a. coming next after the seventh and just before the ninth in position
eighty
n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and eight
a. being ten more than seventy
either
ad. after a negative statement used as an intensive meaning something like `likewise' or `also'
ejection
n. the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting
n. the act of forcing out someone or something
elder
n. any of various church officers
n. a person who is older than you are
elect
v. choose
n. an exclusive group of people
electric
n. a car that is powered by electricity
a. affected by emotion as if by electricity; thrilling
electricity
n. energy made available by the flow of electric charge through a conductor
n. a physical phenomenon associated with stationary or moving electrons and protons
electrify
v. excite suddenly and intensely
v. charge (a conductor) with electricity
elemental
a. relating to or being an element
a. of or being the essential or basic part
elephant
n. five-toed pachyderm
n. the symbol of the Republican Party; introduced in cartoons by Thomas Nast in 1874
eleven
n. the cardinal number that is the sum of ten and one
a. being one more than ten
eleventh
a. coming next after the tenth and just before the twelfth in position
n. position 11 in a countable series of things
elsewhere
ad. in or to another place
email
n. (computer science) a system of world-wide electronic communication in which a computer user can compose a message at one terminal that can be regenerated at the recipient's terminal when the recipient logs in
v. communicate electronically on the co...
embarrassing
a. hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment
a. causing to feel shame or chagrin or vexation
embarrassment
n. extreme excess
n. the state of being embarrassed (usually by some financial inadequacy)
emigration
n. migration from a place (especially migration from your native country in order to settle in another)
emperor
n. the male ruler of an empire
n. red table grape of California
emphatic
a. forceful and definite in expression or action
a. sudden and strong
empire
n. the domain ruled by an emperor or empress; the region over which imperial dominion is exercised
n. a group of countries under a single authority
emptiness
n. having an empty stomach
n. an empty area or space
encouragement
n. the act of giving hope or support to someone
n. the expression of approval and support
encyclopaedia
n. a reference work (often in several volumes) containing articles on various topics (often arranged in alphabetical order) dealing with the entire range of human knowledge or with some particular specialty
end
v. put an end to
n. a final part or section
ending
n. the act of ending something
n. event whose occurrence ends something
enemy
n. an opposing military force
n. a personal enemy
engaged
a. (of facilities such as telephones or lavatories) unavailable for use by anyone else or indicating unavailability; (`engaged' is a British term for a busy telephone line)
a. involved in military hostilities
engine
n. an instrument or machine that is used in warfare, such as a battering ram, catapult, artillery piece, etc.
n. motor that converts thermal energy to mechanical work
engineer
v. design as an engineer
n. the operator of a railway locomotive
engineering
n. the discipline dealing with the art or science of applying scientific knowledge to practical problems
n. a room (as on a ship) in which the engine is located
england
n. a division of the United Kingdom
english
n. the discipline that studies the English language and literature
n. the people of England
englishman
n. a man who is a native or inhabitant of England
enjoy
v. have benefit from
v. take delight in
enjoyable
a. affording satisfaction or pleasure
enjoyment
n. the pleasure felt when having a good time
n. act of receiving pleasure from something
enlarge
v. make larger
v. add details, as to an account or idea; clarify the meaning of and discourse in a learned way, usually in writing
enlargement
n. the state of being enlarged
n. the act of increasing (something) in size or volume or quantity or scope
enlightening
a. tending to increase knowledge or dissipate ignorance
a. enlightening or uplifting so as to encourage intellectual or moral improvement
enough
ad. as much as necessary
a. sufficient for the purpose
enroute
ad. on a route to some place
enter
v. take on duties or office
v. register formally as a participant or member
entire
a. (used of domestic animals) sexually competent
n. uncastrated adult male horse
entirely
ad. without any others being included or involved
ad. to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used informally for `wholly')
entirety
n. the state of being total and complete
envelope
n. a flat (usually rectangular) container for a letter, thin package, etc.
n. any wrapper or covering
envious
a. showing extreme cupidity; painfully desirous of another's advantages
environmental
a. concerned with the ecological effects of altering the environment
a. of or relating to the external conditions or surroundings
equally
ad. in equal amounts or shares; in a balanced or impartial way
ad. to the same degree (often followed by `as')
equivalence
n. a state of being essentially equal or equivalent; equally balanced
n. essential equality and interchangeability
era
n. a major division of geological time; an era is usually divided into two or more periods
n. a period marked by distinctive character or reckoned from a fixed point or event
eradication
n. the complete destruction of every trace of something
erasure
n. a surface area where something has been erased
n. a correction made by erasing
erection
n. an erect penis
n. a structure that has been erected
err
v. to make a mistake or be incorrect
v. wander from a direct course or at random
error
n. inadvertent incorrectness
n. departure from what is ethically acceptable
especial
a. surpassing what is common or usual or expected
especially
ad. in a special manner
ad. to a distinctly greater extent or degree than is common
essayist
n. a writer of literary works
essentially
ad. in essence; at bottom or by one's (or its) very nature
established
a. shown to be valid beyond a reasonable doubt
a. settled securely and unconditionally
estimation
n. the respect with which a person is held
n. an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth
europe
n. the 2nd smallest continent (actually a vast peninsula of Eurasia); the British use `Europe' to refer to all of the continent except the British Isles
n. an international organization of European countries formed after World War II to reduce trade b...
european
a. of or relating to or characteristic of Europe or the people of Europe
n. a native or inhabitant of Europe
evaluation
n. act of ascertaining or fixing the value or worth of
n. an appraisal of the value of something
eve
n. the period immediately before something
n. the day before
even
a. occurring at fixed intervals
ad. used as an intensive especially to indicate something unexpected
evening
n. a later concluding time period
n. the early part of night (from dinner until bedtime) spent in a special way
evenly
ad. in a level and regular way
ad. in equal amounts or shares; in a balanced or impartial way
event
n. a phenomenon located at a single point in space-time; the fundamental observational entity in relativity theory
n. something that happens at a given place and time
ever
ad. at all times; all the time and on every occasion
ad. at any time
every
a. each and all of a series of entities or intervals as specified
a. (used of count nouns) each and all of the members of a group considered singly and without exception
everyday
a. found in the ordinary course of events
a. commonplace and ordinary
everywhere
ad. to or in any or all places
evidently
ad. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly')
evil
n. morally objectionable behavior
n. the quality of being morally wrong in principle or practice
ex
n. a man who was formerly a certain woman's husband
a. out of fashion
exactly
ad. in a precise manner
ad. indicating exactness or preciseness
exaggerated
a. represented as greater than is true or reasonable
a. enlarged to an abnormal degree
exam
n. a set of questions or exercises evaluating skill or knowledge
examination
n. formal systematic questioning
n. a set of questions or exercises evaluating skill or knowledge
examine
v. question closely
v. consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning
example
n. punishment intended as a warning to others
n. a task performed or problem solved in order to develop skill or understanding
exasperation
n. an exasperated feeling of annoyance
n. actions that cause great irritation (or even anger)
excellence
n. the quality of excelling; possessing good qualities in high degree
n. an outstanding feature; something in which something or someone excels
except
v. take exception to
v. prevent from being included or considered or accepted
excited
v. stimulate sexually
v. act as a stimulant
exclamation
n. an abrupt excited utterance
n. a loud complaint or protest or reproach
exercise
n. the activity of exerting your muscles in various ways to keep fit
v. put to use
exist
v. have an existence, be extant
v. support oneself
existence
n. everything that exists anywhere
n. the state or fact of existing
existing
a. existing in something specified
a. having existence or being or actuality
exoneration
n. the act of vindicating or defending against criticism or censure etc.
n. the condition of being relieved from blame or obligation
expect
v. be pregnant with
v. regard something as probable or likely
expectation
n. anticipating with confidence of fulfillment
n. belief about (or mental picture of) the future
expedience
n. taking advantage of opportunities without regard for the consequences for others
n. the quality of being suited to the end in view
expense
n. a detriment or sacrifice
n. money spent to perform work and usually reimbursed by an employer
expensive
a. high in price or charging high prices
experience
v. undergo
v. go or live through
experienced
a. having experience; having knowledge or skill from observation or participation
experiment
n. a venture at something new or different
v. try something new, as in order to gain experience
experimental
a. of the nature of or undergoing an experiment
a. relying on observation or experiment
experimentation
n. the act of conducting a controlled test or investigation
n. the testing of an idea
expiry
n. the event of dying or departure from life
n. a coming to an end of a contract period
explain
v. serve as a reason or cause or justification of
v. make plain and comprehensible
explanation
n. a statement that makes something comprehensible by describing the relevant structure or operation or circumstances etc.
n. thought that makes something comprehensible
explanatory
a. serving or intended to explain or make clear
explicitly
ad. in an explicit manner
explosion
n. the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant
n. the act of exploding or bursting
exportation
n. the commercial activity of selling and shipping goods to a foreign country
n. commodities (goods or services) sold to a foreign country
exporter
n. a businessperson who transports goods abroad (for sale)
express
v. obtain from a substance, as by mechanical action
n. mail that is distributed by a rapid and efficient system
expression
n. the style of expressing yourself
n. a group of symbols that make a mathematical statement
expressway
n. a broad highway designed for high-speed traffic
extensively
ad. in a widespread way
extraction
n. the action of taking out something (especially using effort or force)
n. the process of obtaining something from a mixture or compound by chemical or physical or mechanical means
extravagance
n. excessive spending
n. the trait of spending extravagantly
extremely
ad. to an extreme degree
ad. to a high degree or extent; favorably or with much respect
eyeball
n. the ball-shaped capsule containing the vertebrate eye
v. look at
eyebrow
n. the arch of hair above each eye
eyeglass
n. lens for correcting defective vision in one eye; held in place by facial muscles
eyelid
n. either of two folds of skin that can be moved to cover or open the eye
eyesight
n. normal use of the faculty of vision