
nail
v. attach something somewhere by means of nails
n. a former unit of length for cloth equal to 1/16 of a yard

naive
a. lacking information or instruction
a. marked by or showing unaffected simplicity and lack of guile or worldlyexperience

name
n. a language unit by which a person or thing is known
n. a well-known or notable person

nameless
a. being or having an unknown or unnamed source

namesake
n. a person with the same name as another

napkin
n. garment consisting of a folded cloth drawn up between the legs andfastened at the waist; worn by infants to catch excrement
n. a small piece of table linen that is used to wipe the mouth and to coverthe lap in order to protect clothing

narrate
v. narrate or give a detailed account of
v. provide commentary for a film, for example

narration
n. the act of giving an account describing incidents or a course of events
n. (rhetoric) the second section of an oration in which the facts are set forth

narrow
a. not wide
n. a narrow strait connecting two bodies of water

nation
n. the people who live in a nation or country
n. United States prohibitionist who raided saloons and destroyed bottles ofliquor with a hatchet (1846-1911)

national
n. a person who owes allegiance to that nation
a. concerned with or applicable to or belonging to an entire nation or country

nationality
n. people having common origins or traditions and often comprising a nation
n. the status of belonging to a particular nation by birth or naturalization

natural
a. existing in or in conformity with nature or the observable world; neithersupernatural nor magical
a. existing in or produced by nature; not artificial or imitation

naturally
ad. through inherent nature
ad. as might be expected

nature
n. the complex of emotional and intellectual attributes that determine aperson's characteristic actions and reactions
n. a particular type of thing

naughty
a. suggestive of sexual impropriety
a. badly behaved

navel
n. a scar where the umbilical cord was attached
n. the center point or middle of something

navy
n. a dark shade of blue
n. an organization of military vessels belonging to a country and available forsea warfare

near
ad. (of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but
a. giving or spending with reluctance

nearby
ad. not far away in relative terms
a. close at hand

nearly
ad. (of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but
ad. in a close manner

necessarily
ad. in such a manner as could not be otherwise
ad. as a highly likely consequence

necessary
n. anything indispensable
a. unavoidably determined by prior circumstances

necessity
n. the condition of being essential or indispensable
n. anything indispensable

neck
n. a narrow elongated projecting strip of land
n. the part of an organism (human or animal) that connects the head to therest of the body

necklace
n. jewelry consisting of a cord or chain (often bearing gems) worn about theneck as an ornament (especially by women)

need
n. a condition requiring relief
n. anything that is necessary but lacking

needful
a. necessary for relief or supply

needless
a. unnecessary and unwarranted

negotiate
v. succeed in passing through, around, or over
v. discuss the terms of an arrangement

negro
a. relating to or characteristic of or being a member of the traditional racialdivision of mankind having brown to black pigmentation and tightly curledhair
n. a person with dark skin who comes from Africa (or whose ancestors camefrom Africa)

neighbor
v. live or be located as a neighbor
n. a nearby object of the same kind

neighborhood
n. a surrounding or nearby region
n. the approximate amount of something (usually used prepositionally as in`in the region of')

neighboring
a. having a common boundary or edge; abutting; touching

neither
a. not either; not one or the other

nephew
n. a son of your brother or sister

nerve
n. impudent aggressiveness
n. the courage to carry on

nest
n. a structure in which animals lay eggs or give birth to their young
v. fit together or fit inside

nestle
n. a close and affectionate (and often prolonged) embrace
v. lie in a sheltered position

net
v. construct or form a web, as if by weaving
n. the excess of revenues over outlays in a given period of time (includingdepreciation and other non-cash expenses)

neutrality
n. tolerance attributable to a lack of involvement
n. pH value of 7

never
ad. not ever; at no time in the past or future
ad. not at all; certainly not; not in any circumstances

new
a. used of a living language; being the current stage in its development
a. (of crops) harvested at an early stage of development; before completematurity

news
n. information about recent and important events
n. a program devoted to current events, often using interviews andcommentary

newspaper
n. the physical object that is the product of a newspaper publisher
n. a business firm that publishes newspapers

next
a. (of elected officers) elected but not yet serving
a. immediately following in time or order

nice
a. socially or conventionally correct; refined or virtuous
a. done with delicacy and skill

nickname
n. a familiar name for a person (often a shortened version of a person'sgiven name)
n. a descriptive name for a place or thing

niece
n. a daughter of your brother or sister

night
n. the period spent sleeping
n. the dark part of the diurnal cycle considered a time unit

nightgown
n. lingerie consisting of a loose dress designed to be worn in bed by women

nightingale
n. English nurse remembered for her work during the Crimean War (1820-1910)
n. European songbird noted for its melodious nocturnal song

nine
n. one of four playing cards in a deck with nine pips on the face
n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eight and one

nineteen
n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eighteen and one
a. being one more than eighteen

ninety
a. being ten more than eighty
n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and nine

ninth
a. coming next after the eighth and just before the tenth in position
n. position nine in a countable series of things

no
ad. referring to the degree to which a certain quality is present
a. quantifier; used with either mass nouns or plural count nouns forindicating a complete or almost complete lack or zero quantity of
no.
ad. referring to the degree to which a certain quality is present
a. quantifier; used with either mass nouns or plural count nouns forindicating a complete or almost complete lack or zero quantity of

noble
a. of or belonging to or constituting the hereditary aristocracy especially asderived from feudal times
a. inert especially toward oxygen

nobody
n. a person of no influence

nod
v. let the head fall forward through drowsiness
v. express or signify by nodding

noise
n. the auditory experience of sound that lacks musical quality; sound that isa disagreeable auditory experience
n. sound of any kind (especially unintelligible or dissonant sound)

none
a. not any
n. a canonical hour that is the ninth hour of the day counting from sunrise

noon
n. the middle of the day

normal
a. forming a right angle
a. conforming with or constituting a norm or standard or level or type orsocial norm; not abnormal

normalization
n. the imposition of standards or regulations

normalize
v. become normal or return to its normal state
v. make normal or cause to conform to a norm or standard

north
n. the United States (especially the northern states during the American CivilWar)
n. a location in the northern part of a country, region, or city

northeast
ad. to, toward, or in the northeast
a. situated in or oriented toward the northeast

northern
a. situated in or coming from regions of the north
n. a dialect of Middle English that developed into Scottish Lallans

northward
n. the cardinal compass point that is at 0 or 360 degrees
a. moving toward the north

northwest
n. the northwestern region of the United States
a. coming from the northwest

nose
n. a symbol of inquisitiveness
n. a front that resembles a human nose (especially the front of an aircraft)

nostril
n. either one of the two external openings to the nasal cavity in the nose

not
ad. negation of a word or group of words

notebook
n. a small compact portable computer
n. a book with blank pages for recording notes or memoranda

noted
a. widely known and esteemed
a. worthy of notice or attention

nothing
n. a quantity of no importance
ad. in no respect; to no degree

notice
n. advance notification (usually written) of the intention to withdraw from anarrangement of contract
n. a request for payment

noticeable
a. capable or worthy of being perceived
a. undesirably noticeable

notification
n. a request for payment
n. an accusation of crime made by a grand jury on its own initiative

noun
n. a content word that can be used to refer to a person, place, thing, quality,or action
n. the word class that can serve as the subject or object of a verb, the objectof a preposition, or in apposition

novelette
n. a short novel

novelist
n. one who writes novels

november
n. the month following October and preceding December

now
ad. in the immediate past
ad. at the present moment

number
n. a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program
n. a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification

nun
n. a buoy resembling a cone
n. the 14th letter of the Hebrew alphabet

nurse
v. give suck to
n. a woman who is the custodian of children

nut
n. Egyptian goddess of the sky
n. someone who is so ardently devoted to something that it resembles anaddiction
o.k.
v. give sanction to
n. an endorsement

obedience
n. behavior intended to please your parents
n. the act of obeying; dutiful or submissive behavior with respect to anotherperson

obey
v. be obedient to

observation
n. the act of observing; taking a patient look
n. the act of noticing or paying attention

observer
n. a person who becomes aware (of things or events) through the senses
n. an expert who observes and comments on something

obviously
ad. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly')

occident
n. the countries of (originally) Europe and (now including) North Americaand South America
n. the hemisphere that includes North America and South America

occidental
n. a native inhabitant of the Occident
n. an artificial language

ocean
n. anything apparently limitless in quantity or volume
n. a large body of water constituting a principal part of the hydrosphere

oceania
n. a large group of islands in the south Pacific including Melanesia andMicronesia and Polynesia (and sometimes Australasia and the MalayArchipelago)

oceanography
n. the branch of science dealing with physical and biological aspects of theoceans
o-clock
ad. according to the clock

october
n. the month following September and preceding November

off
ad. at a distance in space or time
ad. no longer on or in contact or attached

offering
n. the verbal act of offering
n. the act of contributing to the funds of a church or charity

office
n. an administrative unit of government
n. a religious rite or service prescribed by ecclesiastical authorities

officer
n. a person authorized to serve in a position of authority on a vessel
v. direct or command as an officer

official
a. (of a church) given official status as a national or state institution
n. a worker who holds or is invested with an office

often
ad. many times at short intervals
ad. in many cases or instances

oh
n. a midwestern state in north central United States in the Great Lakesregion

oil
n. oil paint containing pigment that is used by an artist
v. cover with oil, as if by rubbing

old
a. of long duration; not new
a. skilled through long experience

olive
n. evergreen tree cultivated in the Mediterranean region since antiquity andnow elsewhere; has edible shiny black fruits
n. one-seeded fruit of the European olive tree usually pickled and used as arelish

on
a. in operation or operational
ad. indicates continuity or persistence or concentration

once
ad. as soon as
ad. at a previous time

one
a. indefinite in time or position
a. eminent beyond or above comparison

onion
n. the bulb of an onion plant
n. bulbous plant having hollow leaves cultivated worldwide for its roundededible bulb

only
ad. in the final outcome
ad. as recently as

onward
ad. in a forward direction
ad. forward in time or order or degree

opal
n. a translucent mineral consisting of hydrated silica of variable color; somevarieties are used as gemstones

open
n. a clear or unobstructed space or expanse of land or water
a. affording free passage or access

opener
n. a hand tool used for opening sealed containers (bottles or cans)
n. the first event in a series

opening
n. a recognized sequence of moves at the beginning of a game of chess
n. the initial part of the introduction

operate
v. keep engaged
v. direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.

operation
n. activity by a military or naval force (as a maneuver or campaign)
n. a planned activity involving many people performing various actions

operational
a. being in effect or operation
a. pertaining to a process or series of actions for achieving a result

operator
n. an agent that operates some apparatus or machine
n. a speculator who trades aggressively on stock or commodity markets

opium
n. an addictive narcotic extracted from seed capsules of the opium poppy

oppress
v. cause to suffer
v. come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority

oppression
n. the state of being kept down by unjust use of force or authority:
n. a feeling of being oppressed

optimize
v. modify to achieve maximum efficiency in storage capacity or time or cost
v. make optimal; get the most out of; use best

or
n. a room in a hospital equipped for the performance of surgical operations
n. a state in northwestern United States on the Pacific

orange
n. any citrus tree bearing oranges
n. a river in South Africa that flows generally westward to the Atlantic Ocean

order
v. give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority
n. established customary state (especially of society)

ordinarily
ad. under normal conditions

ordinary
a. not exceptional in any way especially in quality or ability or size or degree
n. a clergyman appointed to prepare condemned prisoners for death

organization
n. the persons (or committees or departments etc.) who make up a body forthe purpose of administering something
n. the activity or result of distributing or disposing persons or things properlyor methodically

organizational
a. of or relating to an organization

organize
v. create (as an entity)
v. form or join a union

originally
ad. before now
ad. with reference to the origin or beginning

orphan
n. someone or something who lacks support or care or supervision
n. a young animal without a mother

oscillation
n. the process of oscillating between states
n. a single complete execution of a periodically repeated phenomenon

other
a. belonging to the distant past
a. recently past

otherwise
ad. in other respects or ways
a. other than as supposed or expected

out
v. be made known; be disclosed or revealed
n. (baseball) a failure by a batter or runner to reach a base safely in baseball

outdoor
a. pertaining to or concerning the outdoors or outdoor activities
a. located, suited for, or taking place in the open air

outer
a. located outside
a. being on or toward the outside of the body

outlay
n. money paid out; an amount spent
n. the act of spending or disbursing money

outside
a. very unlikely
a. leading to or from the outside

outsider
n. a contestant (human or animal) not considered to have a good chance towin
n. someone who is excluded from or is not a member of a group

outskirts
n. outlying areas (as of a city or town)

outturn
n. what is produced in a given time period

outward
ad. toward the outside
a. that is going out or leaving

oven
n. kitchen appliance used for baking or roasting

over
n. (cricket) the division of play during which six balls are bowled at thebatsman by one player from the other team from the same end of the pitch
ad. at or to a point across intervening space etc.

overcoat
n. a heavy coat worn over clothes in winter
n. an additional protective coating (as of paint or varnish)

overextend
v. strain excessively

overhead
ad. above your head; in the sky
n. the expense of maintaining property (e.g., paying property taxes andutilities and insurance); it does not include depreciation or the cost offinancing or income taxes

overjoy
v. cause to feel extremely joyful or happy

overnight
ad. during or for the length of one night
ad. happening in a short time or with great speed

overpayment
n. a payment larger than needed or expected
n. the act of paying too much

owing
a. owed as a debt

owner
n. (law) someone who owns (is legal possessor of) a business
n. a person who owns something

ox
n. any of various wild bovines especially of the genera Bos or closely related

Bibos
n. an adult castrated bull of the genus Bos; especially Bos taurus