abreast
a. being up to particular standard or level especially in being up to date in knowledge
ad. alongside each other, facing in the same direction

abrogation
n. the act of abrogating; an official or legal cancellation

abruptly
ad. quickly and without warning
absent-minded
a. lost in thought; showing preoccupation

accent
n. the relative prominence of a syllable or musical note (especially with regard to stress or pitch)
v. to stress, single out as important

accordance
n. concurrence of opinion
n. the act of granting rights

accrued
v. come into the possession of
v. grow by addition

accurately
ad. strictly correctly ad. with few mistakes

accustom
v. make psychologically or physically used (to something)

ache
v. have a desire for something or someone who is not present
n. a dull persistent (usually moderately intense) pain

aching
n. a dull persistent (usually moderately intense) pain
a. causing a dull and steady pain

acknowledgment
n. a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage
n. a statement acknowledging something or someone

acre
n. a territory of western Brazil bordering on Bolivia and Peru
n. a town and port in northwestern Israel in the eastern Mediterranean

acrobat
n. an athlete who performs acts requiring skill and agility and coordination

acrobatics
n. the performance of stunts while in flight in an aircraft
n. the gymnastic moves of an acrobat

act
v. perform on a stage or theater
v. have an effect or outcome; often the one desired or expected


action
v. put in effect
n. the state of being active

active
a. disposed to take action or effectuate change
a. in operation

activity
n. a process existing in or produced by nature (rather than by the intent of human beings)
n. an organic process that takes place in the body

actor
n. a person who acts and gets things done
n. a theatrical performer

actress
n. a female actor

actuality
n. the state of actually existing objectively

add
v. bestow a quality on
v. make an addition (to); join or combine or unite with others; increase the quality, quantity, size or scope of

addition
n. a quantity that is added
n. a suburban area laid out in streets and lots for a future residential area

adequately
ad. in an adequate manner or to an adequate degree

adjective
n. a word that expresses an attribute of something
n. the word class that qualifies nouns

adjustable
a. capable of being changed so as to match or fit
a. capable of being regulated

admirable
a. deserving of the highest esteem or admiration
a. inspiring admiration or approval

advantage
n. benefit resulting from some event or action
n. the quality of having a superior or more favorable position

advantageous
a. giving an advantage
a. appropriate for achieving a particular end; implies a lack of concern for fairness


adverb
n. the word class that qualifies verbs or clauses
n. a word that modifies something other than a noun

adverbial
a. of or relating to or functioning as an adverb
n. a word or group of words function as an adverb

advertisement
n. a public promotion of some product or service

advertising
n. a public promotion of some product or service
n. the business of drawing public attention to goods and services

advice
n. a proposal for an appropriate course of action

advise
v. make a proposal, declare a plan for something
v. inform (somebody) of something

adviser
n. an expert who gives advice

aeroplane
n. an aircraft that has a fixed wing and is powered by propellers or jets

affair
n. a usually secretive or illicit sexual relationship
n. a vaguely specified concern

afloat
a. aimlessly drifting
a. covered with water

aforesaid
a. being the one previously mentioned or spoken of

afraid
a. filled with regret or concern; used often to soften an unpleasant statement
a. having feelings of aversion or unwillingness

africa
n. the second largest continent; located to the south of Europe and bordered to the west by the South Atlantic and to the east by the Indian Ocean

african
a. of or relating to the nations of Africa or their peoples
n. a native or inhabitant of Africa

after
ad. behind or in the rear
ad. happening at a time subsequent to a reference time


afternoon
n. the part of the day between noon and evening
n. a conventional expression of greeting or farewell

afterward
ad. happening at a time subsequent to a reference time

again
ad. anew

age
n. an era of history having some distinctive feature
v. make older

aggravation
n. an exasperated feeling of annoyance
n. action that makes a problem or a disease (or its symptoms) worse

aggression
n. the act of initiating hostilities
n. deliberately unfriendly behavior

ago
a. gone by; or in the past ad. in the past

agonize
v. cause to agonize
v. suffer agony or anguish

agree
v. be in accord; be in agreement
v. go together

agreeably
ad. in an enjoyable manner

agreed
v. be in accord; be in agreement
v. go together

agricultural
a. relating to rural matters
a. relating to or used in or promoting agriculture or farming

ahead
ad. at or in the front
ad. toward the future; forward in time

aids
n. a serious (often fatal) disease of the immune system transmitted through blood products especially by sexual contact or contaminated needles

aimless
a. aimlessly drifting
a. continually changing especially as from one abode or occupation to another

airline
n. a commercial enterprise that provides scheduled flights for passengers
n. a hose that carries air under pressure

airliner
n. a commercial airplane that carries passengers

airmail
n. letters and packages that are transported by aircraft
v. send or transport by airmail

airplane
n. an aircraft that has a fixed wing and is powered by propellers or jets

airport
n. an airfield equipped with control tower and hangars as well as accommodations for passengers and cargo

airway
n. the passages through which air enters and leaves the body
n. a duct that provides ventilation (as in mines)

alarming
a. frightening because of an awareness of danger

alas
ad. by bad luck

alcohol
n. a liquor or brew containing alcohol as the active agent
n. any of a series of volatile hydroxyl compounds that are made from hydrocarbons by distillation

alcoholic
a. addicted to alcohol
a. characteristic of or containing alcohol

alcoholism
n. habitual intoxication; prolonged and excessive intake of alcoholic drinks leading to a breakdown in health and an addiction to alcohol such that abrupt deprivation leads to severe withdrawal symptoms
n. an intense persistent desire to drink alcohol...

ale
n. a general name for beer made with a top fermenting yeast; in some of the United States an ale is (by law) a brew of more than 4% alcohol by volume

algebra
n. the mathematics of generalized arithmetical operations

alienation
n. the action of alienating; the action of causing to become unfriendly
n. separation resulting from hostility


alive
a. capable of erupting
a. having life or vigor or spirit

all
ad. to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used informally for `wholly')
a. completely given to or absorbed by

allied
a. related by common characteristics or ancestry
a. of or relating to or denoting the Allies in World War I

allocation
n. a share set aside for a specific purpose
n. the act of distributing by allotting or apportioning; distribution according to a plan

allotment
n. the act of distributing by allotting or apportioning; distribution according to a plan
n. a share set aside for a specific purpose

allow
v. give or assign a resource to a particular person or cause
v. allow the presence of or allow (an activity) without opposing or prohibiting

almost
ad. (of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but

aloud
ad. using the voice; not silently ad. with relatively high volume

alphabet
n. the elementary stages of any subject (usually plural)
n. a character set that includes letters and is used to write a language

also
ad. in addition

altogether
n. informal terms for nakedness
ad. to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used informally for `wholly')

always
ad. at any time or in any event
ad. without variation or change, in every case

ambient
a. completely enveloping

america
n. North America and South America and Central America
n. North American republic containing 50 states - 48 conterminous states in North America plus Alaska in northwest North America and the Hawaiian Islands in the Pacific Ocean; achieved independenc...

american
n. the English language as used in the United States
a. of or relating to or characteristic of the continents and islands of the Americas

amplifier
n. electronic equipment that increases strength of signals passing through it

amusement
n. a feeling of delight at being entertained
n. an activity that is diverting and that holds the attention

analogue
a. of a circuit or device having an output that is proportional to the input
n. something having the property of being analogous to something else

ancient
a. belonging to times long past especially of the historical period before the fall of the Western Roman Empire
n. a very old person

angel
n. spiritual being attendant upon God
n. person of exceptional holiness

anger
n. a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance
v. become angry

angle
v. present with a bias
v. seek indirectly

angry
a. (of the elements) as if showing violent anger
a. feeling or showing anger

animal
a. marked by the appetites and passions of the body
n. a living organism characterized by voluntary movement

annoyance
n. the psychological state of being irritated or annoyed
n. the act of troubling or annoying someone

another
a. any of various alternatives; some other

answer
v. be liable or accountable
v. understand the meaning of

ant
n. social insect living in organized colonies; characteristically the males and fertile queen have wings during breeding season; wingless sterile females are the workers

antecedent
n. someone from whom you are descended (but usually more remote than a grandparent)
n. the referent of an anaphor; a phrase or clause that is referred to by an anaphoric pronoun

antonymous
a. of words: having opposite meanings

anxiously
ad. with anxiety or apprehension

any
ad. to any degree or extent
a. one or some or every or all without specification

anyway
ad. used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement
ad. in any way whatsoever

anywhere
ad. at or in or to any place

apartment
n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house

apparently
ad. from appearances alone
ad. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly')

appear
v. come into sight or view
v. be issued or published

appearance
n. the act of appearing in public view
n. formal attendance (in court or at a hearing) of a party in an action

applause
n. a demonstration of approval by clapping the hands together

apple
n. native Eurasian tree widely cultivated in many varieties for its firm rounded edible fruits
n. fruit with red or yellow or green skin and sweet to tart crisp whitish flesh

appreciably
ad. to a noticeable degree


apprize
v. increase the value of
v. make aware of

approximation
n. an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth
n. the act of bringing near or bringing together especially the cut edges of tissue

april
n. the month following March and preceding May

arabian
n. a member of a Semitic people originally from the Arabian peninsula and surrounding territories who speaks Arabic and who inhabits much of the Middle East and northern Africa
n. a spirited graceful and intelligent riding horse native to Arabia

arabic
n. the Semitic language of the Arabs; spoken in a variety of dialects
a. relating to or characteristic of Arabs

arbitrate
v. act between parties with a view to reconciling differences

arbitration
n. the act of deciding as an arbiter; giving authoritative judgment
n. (law) the hearing and determination of a dispute by an impartial referee agreed to by both parties (often used to settle disputes between labor and management)

archaeologist
n. an anthropologist who studies prehistoric people and their culture

arctic
a. of or relating to the Arctic
n. a waterproof overshoe that protects shoes from water or snow

argument
n. a discussion in which reasons are advanced for and against some proposition or proposal
n. (computer science) a reference or value that is passed to a function, procedure, subroutine, command, or program

aristocratic
a. belonging to or characteristic of the nobility or aristocracy

arm
v. prepare oneself for a military confrontation
n. any projection that is thought to resemble a human arm

armchair
n. chair with a support on each side for arms


army
n. a large number of people united for some specific purpose
n. the army of the United States of America; the agency that organizes and trains soldiers for land warfare

around
ad. in circumference
ad. used of movement to or among many different places or in no particular direction

arrival
n. the act of arriving at a certain place
n. someone who arrives (or has arrived)

arrive
v. reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress
v. succeed in a big way; get to the top

arrogantly
ad. in an arrogant manner

arrow
n. a mark to indicate a direction or relation
n. a projectile with a straight thin shaft and an arrowhead on one end and stabilizing vanes on the other; intended to be shot from a bow

art
n. the creation of beautiful or significant things
n. the products of human creativity; works of art collectively

artist
n. a person whose creative work shows sensitivity and imagination

artistic
a. relating to or characteristic of art or artists
a. aesthetically pleasing

as
ad. to the same degree (often followed by `as')
n. a very poisonous metallic element that has three allotropic forms; arsenic and arsenic compounds are used as herbicides and insecticides and various alloys; found in arsenopyrite and orpiment and real...

asean
n. an association of nations dedicated to economic and political cooperation in southeastern Asia and who joined with the United States to fight against global terrorism

ash
v. convert into ashes
n. strong elastic wood of any of various ash trees; used for furniture and tool handles and sporting goods such as baseball bats

ashore
ad. towards the shore from the water


ashtray
n. a receptacle for the ash from smokers' cigars or cigarettes

asia
n. the nations of the Asian continent collectively
n. the largest continent with 60% of the earth's population; it is joined to Europe on the west to form Eurasia; it is the site of some of the world's earliest civilizations

asian
n. a native or inhabitant of Asia
a. of or relating to or characteristic of Asia or the peoples of Asia or their languages or culture

ask
v. make a request or demand for something to somebody
v. direct or put; seek an answer to

asleep
ad. in the sleep of death ad. into a sleeping state

ass
n. hardy and sure-footed animal smaller and with longer ears than the horse
n. a pompous fool

assassinate
v. murder; especially of socially prominent persons
v. destroy or damage seriously, as of someone's reputation

assassinator
n. a murderer (especially one who kills a prominent political figure) who kills by a surprise attack and often is hired to do the deed

assertion
n. a declaration that is made emphatically (as if no supporting evidence were necessary)
n. the act of affirming or asserting or stating something

associative
a. characterized by or causing or resulting from the process of bringing ideas or events together in memory or imagination

astonishment
n. the feeling that accompanies something extremely surprising

astronaut
n. a person trained to travel in a spacecraft

at
n. a highly unstable radioactive element (the heaviest of the halogen series); a decay product of uranium and thorium
n. 100 at equal 1 kip in Laos


athletic
a. having a sturdy and well proportioned body
a. relating to or befitting athletics or athletes

atlantic
a. relating to or bordering the Atlantic Ocean
n. the 2nd largest ocean; separates North and South America on the west from Europe and Africa on the east

atmospheric
a. relating to or located in the atmosphere

attentively
ad. with attention; in an attentive manner

attributable
a. capable of being attributed

attribution
n. assigning some quality or character to a person or thing
n. assigning to a cause or source

attributive
a. of adjectives; placed before the nouns they modify

aunt
n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle

aural
a. relating to or characterized by an aura
a. of or pertaining to hearing or the ear

auspice
n. a favorable omen

australia
n. a nation occupying the whole of the Australian continent; Aboriginal tribes are thought to have migrated from southeastern Asia 20,000 years ago; first Europeans were British convicts sent there as a penal colony
n. the smallest continent; between ...

australian
n. a native or inhabitant of Australia
a. of or relating to or characteristic of Australia or its inhabitants or its languages

autumn
n. the season when the leaves fall from the trees

availability
n. the quality of being at hand when needed

await
v. look forward to the probable occurrence of


awake
a. not in a state of sleep; completely conscious
a. mentally perceptive and responsive

awaken
v. stop sleeping
v. cause to become awake or conscious

award
n. something given for victory or superiority in a contest or competition or for winning a lottery
v. give as judged due or on the basis of merit

away
ad. from a particular thing or place or position (`forth' is obsolete) ad. out of the way (especially away from one's thoughts)

awesome
a. inspiring awe or admiration or wonder

awfully
ad. used as intensifiers ad. in a terrible manner

awkwardness
n. unskillfulness resulting from a lack of training
n. trouble in carrying or managing caused by bulk or shape

ax
v. terminate
v. chop or split with an ax

axial
a. relating to or attached to the axis
a. situated on or along or in the direction of an axis
