
habitual
a. commonly used or practiced; usual

hair
n. a very small distance or space
n. a filamentous projection or process on an organism

haircut
n. the style in which hair has been cut
n. the act of cutting the hair

hairpin
n. a double pronged pin used to hold women's hair in place

half
a. partial
n. one of two divisions into which some games or performances are divided: the two divisions are separated by an interval

halfway
ad. at half the distance; at the middle
a. including only half or a portion

hall
n. United States child psychologist whose theories of child psychology strongly influenced educational psychology (1844-1924)
n. English writer whose novel about a lesbian relationship was banned in Britain for many years (1883-1943)

halve
v. divide by two; divide into halves

hammer
n. the ossicle attached to the eardrum
n. the act of pounding (delivering repeated heavy blows)

hand
v. place into the hands or custody of
n. something written by hand

handbag
n. a container used for carrying money and small personal items or accessories (especially by women)

handicapped
n. people collectively who are crippled or otherwise physically handicapped
a. incapable of functioning as a consequence of injury or illness

handkerchief
n. a square piece of cloth used for wiping the eyes or nose or as a costume accessory

handling
n. the management of someone or something
n. manual (or mechanical) carrying or moving or delivering or working with something

handout
v. give to several people
n. giving money or food or clothing to a needy person

handwriting
n. the activity of writing by hand
n. something written by hand

happen
v. come to pass
v. chance to be or do something, without intention or causation

happening
n. an event that happens

happily
ad. in an unexpectedly lucky way
ad. in a joyous manner

happiness
n. emotions experienced when in a state of well-being
n. state of well-being characterized by emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy

happy
a. enjoying or showing or marked by joy or pleasure
a. eagerly disposed to act or to be of service

hard
a. being distilled rather than fermented; having a high alcoholic content
ad. to the full extent possible; all the way

hardly
ad. almost not
ad. only a very short time before

hardness
n. the property of being rigid and resistant to pressure; not easily scratched; measured on Mohs scale
n. devoid of passion or feeling; hardheartedness

hardship
n. a state of misfortune or affliction
n. something that causes or entails suffering
hard-working
a. characterized by hard work and perseverance

hare
n. flesh of any of various rabbits or hares (wild or domesticated) eaten as food
n. swift timid long-eared mammal larger than a rabbit having a divided upper lip and long hind legs; young born furred and with open eyes

harm
n. the occurrence of a change for the worse
n. any physical damage to the body caused by violence or accident or fracture etc.

hat
v. put on or wear a hat
n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usually a brim

hate
v. dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards
n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demands action

hateful
a. characterized by malice
a. evoking or deserving hatred

hatred
n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demands action

have
v. have a personal or business relationship with someone
v. receive willingly something given or offered

he
n. a very light colorless element that is one of the six inert gasses; the most difficult gas to liquefy; occurs in economically extractable amounts in certain natural gases (as those found in Texas and Kansas)
n. the 5th letter of the Hebrew alphabet

head
n. that part of a skeletal muscle that is away from the bone that it moves
n. a single domestic animal

headache
n. pain in the head caused by dilation of cerebral arteries or muscle contractions or a reaction to drugs
n. pain in the head caused by dilation of cerebral arteries or muscle contractions or a reaction to drugs

headline
v. provide (a newspaper page or a story) with a headline
n. the heading or caption of a newspaper article

headmaster
n. presiding officer of a school

headquarters
n. (plural) a military unit consisting of a commander and the headquarters staff
n. the military installation from which a commander performs the functions of command

health
n. a healthy state of wellbeing free from disease
n. the general condition of body and mind

healthy
a. financially secure and functioning well
a. promoting health; healthful

hear
v. get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally
v. perceive (sound) via the auditory sense

heart
n. a plane figure with rounded sides curving inward at the top and intersecting at the bottom; conventionally used on playing cards and valentines
n. an area that is approximately central within some larger region

heartfelt
a. earnest

hearth
n. an area near a fireplace (usually paved and extending out into a room)
n. home symbolized as a part of the fireplace

heartily
ad. in a hearty manner
ad. with gusto and without reservation

hearty
a. showing warm and heartfelt friendliness
a. consuming abundantly and with gusto

heat
n. the sensation caused by heat energy
n. applies to nonhuman mammals: a state or period of heightened sexual arousal and activity

heated
a. made warm or hot (`het' is a dialectal variant of `heated')
a. marked by emotional heat; vehement

heating
n. the process of becoming warmer; a rising temperature
n. utility to warm a building

heavily
ad. in a heavy-footed manner
ad. slowly as if burdened by much weight

heavy
a. given to excessive indulgence of bodily appetites especially for intoxicating liquors
a. of the military or industry; using (or being) the heaviest and most powerful armaments or weapons or equipment

height
n. (of a standing person) the distance from head to foot
n. the highest level or degree attainable; the highest stage of development

hello
n. an expression of greeting

help
v. improve the condition of
v. abstain from doing; always used with a negative

hen
n. adult female chicken
n. adult female bird

herbal
a. of or relating to herbs
n. tea-like drink made of leaves of various herbs

here
n. the present location; this place
a. being here now

hereafter
ad. in a subsequent part of this document or statement or matter etc.
ad. in a future life or state

hereby
ad. (formal) by means of this

herein
ad. in this place or thing or document

hereinafter
ad. in a subsequent part of this document or statement or matter etc.

hereof
ad. of or concerning this

hereto
ad. to this writing or document

herewith
ad. (formal) by means of this

hero
n. (Greek mythology) priestess of Aphrodite who killed herself when her lover Leander drowned while trying to swim the Hellespont to see her
n. a man distinguished by exceptional courage and nobility and strength

heroic
a. showing extreme courage; especially of actions courageously undertaken in desperation as a last resort
n. a verse form suited to the treatment of heroic or elevated themes; dactylic hexameter or iambic pentameter

heroine
n. the main good female character in a work of fiction
n. a woman possessing heroic qualities or a woman who has performed heroic deeds

hesitation
n. indecision in speech or action
n. a certain degree of unwillingness

hi
n. a state in the United States in the central Pacific on the Hawaiian Islands
n. an expression of greeting

high
n. an air mass of higher than normal pressure
a. (used of the smell of meat) smelling spoiled or tainted

highland
n. elevated (e.g., mountainous) land
a. used of high or hilly country

highly
ad. in a high position or level or rank
ad. at a high rate or wage

highway
n. a major road for any form of motor transport

hijacker
n. someone who uses force to take over a vehicle (especially an airplane) in order to reach an alternative destination
n. a holdup man who stops a vehicle and steals from it

hill
n. risque English comedian (1925-1992)
n. a local and well-defined elevation of the land

hillside
n. the side or slope of a hill

hind
n. a female deer, especially an adult female red deer
a. located at or near the back of an animal

hip
n. the fruit of a rose plant
n. the ball-and-socket joint between the head of the femur and the acetabulum

hire
v. engage for service under a term of contract
n. a newly hired employee

historical
a. belonging to the past; of what is important or famous in the past
a. used of the study of a phenomenon (especially language) as it changes through time

history
n. the continuum of events occurring in succession leading from the past to the present and even into the future
n. the aggregate of past events

hit
v. produce by manipulating keys or strings of musical instruments, also metaphorically
n. a connection made via the internet to another website

holder
n. the person who is in possession of a check or note or bond or document of title that is endorsed to him or to whoever holds it
n. a person who holds something

holding
n. the act of retaining something
n. something owned; any tangible or intangible possession that is owned by someone
hold-up
v. cause to be slowed down or delayed
v. rob at gunpoint or by means of some other threat

hole
n. an opening into or through something
n. an unoccupied space

holiday
n. leisure time away from work devoted to rest or pleasure
v. spend or take a vacation

holy
a. belonging to or derived from or associated with a divine power
n. a sacred place of pilgrimage

home
ad. at or to or in the direction of one's home or family
n. an environment offering affection and security

homeless
n. someone unfortunate without housing
n. poor people who unfortunately do not have a home to live in

homework
n. preparatory school work done outside school (especially at home)

homogenous
a. all of the same or similar kind or nature

honest
a. without dissimulation; frank
a. not forged

honesty
n. southeastern European plant cultivated for its fragrant purplish flowers and round flat papery silver-white seedpods that are used for indoor decoration
n. the quality of being honest

honey
n. a sweet yellow liquid produced by bees
a. of something having the color of honey

honeymoon
v. spend a holiday after one's marriage
n. the early (usually calm and harmonious) period of a relationship; business or political

honor
n. the quality of being honorable and having a good name
v. accept as pay

honorable
a. deserving of esteem and respect
a. adhering to ethical and moral principles

hope
v. expect and wish
n. one of the three Christian virtues

hopeful
a. having or manifesting hope
a. full or promise

hopefully
ad. it is hoped
ad. with hope; in a hopeful manner

hopeless
a. certain to fail
a. of a person unable to do something skillfully

horrify
v. fill with apprehension or alarm; cause to be unpleasantly surprised

horse
n. troops trained to fight on horseback
v. provide with a horse or horses

horsepower
n. a unit of power equal to 746 watts

hospital
n. a health facility where patients receive treatment
n. a medical institution where sick or injured people are given medical or surgical care

hostel
n. inexpensive supervised lodging (especially for youths on bicycling trips)
n. a hotel providing overnight lodging for travelers

hostess
n. a woman innkeeper
n. a woman host

hot
a. (color) bold and intense
a. newest or most recent

hotdog
n. someone who performs dangerous stunts to attract attention to himself
n. a frankfurter served hot on a bun

hotel
n. a building where travelers can pay for lodging and meals and other services

hour
n. a period of time equal to 1/24th of a day
n. distance measured by the time taken to cover it

household
n. a social unit living together

housekeeper
n. a servant who is employed to perform domestic task in a household

housewife
n. a wife who manages a household while her husband earns the family income

housework
n. the work of cleaning and running a house

however
ad. despite anything to the contrary (usually following a concession)
ad. by contrast; on the other hand

huge
a. unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope

human
a. having human form or attributes as opposed to those of animals or divine beings
a. relating to a person

humanism
n. the doctrine emphasizing a person's capacity for self-realization through reason; rejects religion and the supernatural
n. the doctrine that people's duty is to promote human welfare

humiliation
n. depriving one of self-esteem
n. state of disgrace or loss of self-respect

humor
n. a message whose ingenuity or verbal skill or incongruity has the power to evoke laughter
n. the quality of being funny

hundred
a. being ten more than ninety
n. ten 10s

hundredth
a. the ordinal number of one hundred in counting order
n. position 100 in a countable series of things

hungry
a. (usually followed by `for') extremely desirous
a. feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food

hunt
v. search (an area) for prey
n. the work of finding and killing or capturing animals for food or pelts

hunter
n. a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal
n. someone who hunts game

hurrah
v. shout `hurrah!'
n. a victory cheer

hurry
n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry
v. move very fast

hurt
v. cause emotional anguish or make miserable
a. damaged inanimate objects or their value

hut
n. small crude shelter used as a dwelling
n. temporary military shelter

hydraulic
a. moved or operated or effected by liquid (water or oil)
a. of or relating to the study of hydraulics

hydroelectric
a. of or relating to or used in the production of electricity by waterpower

hysteric
n. a person suffering from hysteria
a. characterized by or arising from psychoneurotic hysteria

ice
v. put ice on or put on ice
n. diamonds
ice-bound
a. locked in by ice
ice-cream
n. frozen dessert containing cream and sugar and flavoring
n. frozen dessert containing cream and sugar and flavoring

iceland
n. a volcanic island in the North Atlantic near the Arctic Circle
n. an island republic on the island of Iceland; became independent of Denmark in 1944

icy
a. devoid of warmth and cordiality; expressive of unfriendliness or disdain
a. covered with or containing or consisting of ice

idea
n. an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth
n. your intention; what you intend to do

idealism
n. (philosophy) the philosophical theory that ideas are the only reality
n. impracticality by virtue of thinking of things in their ideal form rather than as they really are

idealize
v. consider or render as ideal
v. form ideals

idleness
n. the quality of lacking substance or value
n. the trait of being idle out of a reluctance to work

ill
a. affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function
a. resulting in suffering or adversity

illegal
a. prohibited by law or by official or accepted rules

illiteracy
n. ignorance resulting from not reading
n. an inability to read

illness
n. impairment of normal physiological function affecting part or all of an organism

imagination
n. the formation of a mental image of something that is not perceived as real and is not present to the senses
n. the ability to form mental images of things or events

imagine
v. expect, believe, or suppose
v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case

immaterial
a. without material form or substance
a. not pertinent to the matter under consideration

immature
a. (of birds) not yet having developed feathers
a. not yet mature

impatience
n. a restless desire for change and excitement
n. a dislike of anything that causes delay

impatient
a. (usually followed by `to') full of eagerness
a. restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition

imperfect
n. a tense of verbs used in describing action that is on-going
a. wanting in moral strength, courage, or will; having the attributes of man as opposed to e.g. divine beings

imperialism
n. a policy of extending your rule over foreign countries
n. any instance of aggressive extension of authority

imperialist
a. of or relating to imperialism
n. a believer in imperialism

implementation
n. the act of accomplishing some aim or executing some order
n. the act of implementing (providing a practical means for accomplishing something); carrying into effect

importance
n. a prominent status
n. the quality of being important and worthy of note

important
a. having authority or ascendancy or influence
a. having or suggesting a consciousness of high position

importation
n. commodities (goods or services) bought from a foreign country
n. the commercial activity of buying and bringing in goods from a foreign country

importer
n. someone whose business involves importing goods from outside (especially from a foreign country)

imposition
n. the act of imposing something (as a tax or an embargo)
n. an uncalled-for burden

impossibility
n. incapability of existing or occurring
n. an alternative that is not available

impossible
n. something that cannot be done
a. not capable of occurring or being accomplished or dealt with

impost
n. the lowest stone in an arch -- from which it springs
n. money collected under a tariff

impress
v. dye (fabric) before it is spun
v. produce or try to produce a vivid impression of

impression
n. all the copies of a work printed at one time
n. a vague idea in which some confidence is placed

imprison
v. confine as if in a prison
v. lock up or confine, in or as in a jail

improper
a. not suitable or right or appropriate
a. not appropriate for a purpose or occasion

improve
v. get better
v. to make better

improvement
n. the act of improving something
n. a change for the better; progress in development

impurity
n. worthless or dangerous material that should be removed
n. the condition of being impure

in
a. holding office
n. a state in midwestern United States

inaccurate
a. not exact

inaugural
n. an address delivered at an inaugural ceremony (especially by a United States president)
n. the ceremonial induction into a position

inauguration
n. the ceremonial induction into a position
n. the act of starting a new operation or practice

incapable
a. (followed by `of') not having the temperament or inclination for
a. not meeting requirements

inch
v. advance slowly, as if by inches
n. a unit of measurement for advertising space

include
v. add as part of something else; put in as part of a set, group, or category
v. have as a part, be made up out of

inclusion
n. the state of being included
n. the act of including

incompatibility
n. (immunology) the degree to which the body's immune system will try to reject foreign material (as transfused blood or transplanted tissue)
n. the relation between propositions that cannot both be true at the same time

incomplete
a. not complete or total; not completed
a. not yet finished

inconsistent
a. not in agreement
a. displaying a lack of consistency

inconvenience
n. a difficulty that causes anxiety
v. to cause inconvenience or discomfort to

incorporated
a. formed or united into a whole
a. organized and maintained as a legal corporation

incorrect
a. not in accord with established usage or procedure
a. (of a word or expression) not agreeing with grammatical principles

increase
v. become bigger or greater in amount
v. make bigger or more

increasing
a. becoming greater or larger
a. music

increasingly
ad. advancing in amount or intensity

indebtedness
n. a personal relation in which one is indebted for a service or favor
n. an obligation to pay money to another party

indeed
ad. (used as an interjection) an expression of surprise or skepticism or irony etc.
ad. in truth (often tends to intensify)

indemnify
v. make amends for; pay compensation for
v. secure against future loss, damage, or liability; give security for

independence
n. freedom from control or influence of another or others
n. the successful ending of the American Revolution

independently
ad. apart from others
ad. on your own; without outside help

india
n. a republic in the Asian subcontinent in southern Asia; second most populous country in the world; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1947

indian
n. any of the languages spoken by Amerindians
n. a native or inhabitant of India

indication
n. (medicine) a reason to prescribe a drug or perform a procedure
n. the act of indicating or pointing out by name

indirect
a. extended senses; not direct in manner or language or behavior or action
a. not as a direct effect or consequence

indirectly
ad. not in a forthright manner

indoor
a. located, suited for, or taking place within a building
a. within doors

indoors
ad. within a building

induction
n. an electrical phenomenon whereby an electromotive force (EMF) is generated in a closed circuit by a change in the flow of current
n. a formal entry into an organization or position or office

industrialize
v. organize (the production of something) into an industry
v. develop industry; become industrial

industry
n. persevering determination to perform a task
n. the organized action of making of goods and services for sale

ineffective
a. not producing an intended effect
a. lacking in power or forcefulness

ineffectiveness
n. lacking the power to be effective

inefficiency
n. unskillfulness resulting from a lack of efficiency

inefficient
a. lacking the ability or skill to perform effectively; inadequate
a. not producing desired results; wasteful

inexpensive
a. relatively low in price or charging low prices

infinitely
ad. without bounds
ad. continuing forever without end

infinitive
n. the uninflected form of the verb

inflammable
a. easily ignited

information
n. formal accusation of a crime
n. a message received and understood

infrequent
a. not frequent; not occurring regularly or at short intervals

infringement
n. an act that disregards an agreement or a right
n. a crime less serious than a felony

injection
n. the act of putting a liquid into the body by means of a syringe
n. any solution that is injected (as into the skin)

ink
v. append one's signature to
n. dark protective fluid ejected into the water by cuttlefish and other cephalopods

inlet
n. an arm off of a larger body of water (often between rocky headlands)
n. an opening through which fluid is admitted to a tube or container

inn
n. a hotel providing overnight lodging for travelers

inner
a. located inward
a. inside or closer to the inside of the body

innocence
n. a state or condition of being innocent of a specific crime or offense
n. the quality of innocent naivete

inorganic
a. lacking the properties characteristic of living organisms
a. relating or belonging to the class of compounds not having a carbon basis

input
n. a component of production; something that goes into the production of output
v. enter (data or a program) into a computer

insect
n. small air-breathing arthropod
n. a person who has a nasty or unethical character undeserving of respect

insertion
n. a message (spoken or written) that is introduced or inserted
n. the act of putting one thing into another

inside
ad. in reality
a. being or applying to the inside of a building

insistent
a. demanding attention
a. repetitive and persistent

insofar
ad. to the degree or extent that

instant
n. a very short time (as the time it takes the eye to blink or the heart to beat)
a. demanding attention

instantly
ad. without any delay
ad. without delay or hesitation; with no time intervening

instead
ad. in place of, or as an alternative to
ad. on the contrary

instructor
n. a person whose occupation is teaching

integration
n. an operation used in the calculus whereby the integral of a function is determined
n. the act of combining into an integral whole

intend
v. design or destine
v. mean or intend to express or convey

intensity
n. chromatic purity: freedom from dilution with white and hence vivid in hue
n. the magnitude of sound (usually in a specified direction)

intentional
a. characterized by conscious design or purpose
a. done or made or performed with purpose and intent

intercourse
n. communication between individuals
n. the act of sexual procreation between a man and a woman; the man's penis is inserted into the woman's vagina and excited until orgasm and ejaculation occur

interested
a. involved in or affected by or having a claim to or share in
a. having or showing interest; especially curiosity or fascination or concern

interesting
a. arousing or holding the attention

interface
n. (computer science) computer circuit consisting of the hardware and associated circuitry that links one device with another (especially a computer and a hard disk drive or other peripherals)
n. (computer science) a program that controls a display fo...

international
a. from or between other countries
a. concerning or belonging to all or at least two or more nations

internationalization
n. the act of bringing something under international control

internationalize
v. make international in character
v. put under international control

interpreter
n. (computer science) a program that translates and executes source language statements one line at a time
n. someone who mediates between speakers of different languages

interruption
n. a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something
n. some abrupt occurrence that interrupts an ongoing activity

interview
n. a conference (usually with someone important)
v. conduct an interview in television, newspaper, and radio reporting

intimation
n. an indirect suggestion
n. a slight suggestion or vague understanding

intonation
n. the act of singing in a monotonous tone
n. the production of musical tones (by voice or instrument); especially the exactitude of the pitch relations

introduce
v. put or introduce into something
v. bring before the public for the first time, as of an actor, song, etc.

introduction
n. formally making a person known to another or to the public
n. the act of putting one thing into another

introductory
a. serving as an introduction or preface
a. serving as a base or starting point

invent
v. come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a mental effort
v. make up something artificial or untrue

invention
n. the creation of something in the mind
n. a creation (a new device or process) resulting from study and experimentation

inventor
n. someone who is the first to think of or make something

inversely
ad. in an inverse or contrary manner

investment
n. outer layer or covering of an organ or part or organism
n. the commitment of something other than money (time, energy, or effort) to a project with the expectation of some worthwhile result

invitation
n. a request (spoken or written) to participate or be present or take part in something
n. a tempting allurement

invite
v. increase the likelihood of
v. request the participation or presence of

involved
a. emotionally involved
a. entangled or hindered as if e.g. in mire

involvement
n. the act of sharing in the activities of a group
n. a connection of inclusion or containment

inward
ad. toward the center or interior
a. directed or moving inward or toward a center

inwards
ad. to or toward the inside of
ad. toward the center or interior

ireland
n. an island comprising the republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland
n. a republic consisting of 26 of 32 counties comprising the island of Ireland; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1921

irish
n. the Celtic language of Ireland
n. people of Ireland or of Irish extraction

iron
n. a golf club that has a relatively narrow metal head
a. extremely robust

ironical
a. humorously sarcastic or mocking
a. characterized by often poignant difference or incongruity between what is expected and what actually is

irregularity
n. not characterized by a fixed principle or rate; at irregular intervals
n. behavior that breaches the rule or etiquette or custom or morality

irritation
n. a sudden outburst of anger
n. the neural or electrical arousal of an organ or muscle or gland

islam
n. the monotheistic religious system of Muslims founded in Arabia in the 7th century and based on the teachings of Muhammad as laid down in the Koran
n. the civilization of Muslims collectively which is governed by the Muslim religion

island
n. a zone or area resembling an island
n. a land mass (smaller than a continent) that is surrounded by water

it
n. the branch of engineering that deals with the use of computers and telecommunications to retrieve and store and transmit information

italian
n. a native or inhabitant of Italy
a. of or pertaining to or characteristic of Italy or its people or culture or language

italy
n. a republic in southern Europe on the Italian Peninsula; was the core of the Roman Republic and the Roman Empire between the 4th century BC and the 5th century AD

itch
v. have or perceive an itch
v. have a strong desire or urge to do something

itemize
v. place on a list of items
v. specify individually

jack
n. any of several fast-swimming predacious fishes of tropical to warm temperate seas
v. hunt with a jacklight

jacket
v. provide with a thermally non-conducting cover
n. the outer skin of a potato

january
n. the first month of the year; begins 10 days after the winter solstice

japan
v. coat with a lacquer, as done in Japan
n. lacquer with a durable glossy black finish, originally from the orient

japanese
n. a native or inhabitant of Japan
a. of or relating to or characteristic of Japan or its people or their culture or language

jaw
n. the part of the skull of a vertebrate that frames the mouth and holds the teeth
v. talk incessantly and tiresomely

jazz
v. have sexual intercourse with
n. a style of dance music popular in the 1920s; similar to New Orleans jazz but played by large bands

jeep
n. a car suitable for traveling over rough terrain

jesus
n. a teacher and prophet born in Bethlehem and active in Nazareth; his life and sermons form the basis for Christianity (circa 4 BC - AD 29)

jet
v. issue in a jet; come out in a jet; stream or spring forth
n. the occurrence of a sudden discharge (as of liquid)

jew
n. a person belonging to the worldwide group claiming descent from Jacob (or converted to it) and connected by cultural or religious ties

jewish
a. of or relating to Jews or their culture or religion

jingle
v. make a sound typical of metallic objects
n. a metallic sound

job
n. any long-suffering person who withstands affliction without despairing
n. the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money

jobless
a. not having a job

join
v. be or become joined or united or linked
v. make contact or come together

joint
n. junction by which parts or objects are joined together
v. provide with a joint

joke
n. a triviality not to be taken seriously
n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter

jot
n. a slight but appreciable amount
v. write briefly or hurriedly; write a short note of

journey
n. the act of traveling from one place to another
v. travel upon or across

joy
n. the emotion of great happiness
v. make glad or happy

joyful
a. full of or producing joy
a. full of high-spirited delight

judge
n. a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of justice
v. determine the result of (a competition)

jug
n. the quantity contained in a jug
v. stew in an earthenware jug

july
n. the month following June and preceding August

jump
v. jump down from an elevated point
v. be highly noticeable

june
n. the month following May and preceding July

jupiter
n. (Roman mythology) supreme god of Romans; counterpart of Greek Zeus
n. the largest planet and the 5th from the sun; has many satellites and is one of the brightest objects in the night sky

just
a. of moral excellence
ad. exactly at this moment or the moment described

keep
v. maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger
v. retain rights to

keeper
n. someone in charge of other people
n. one having charge of buildings or grounds or animals

keeping
n. the act of retaining something
n. the responsibility of a guardian or keeper

kettle
n. a large hemispherical brass or copper percussion instrument with a drumhead that can be tuned by adjusting the tension on it
n. the quantity a kettle will hold

key
n. a generic term for any device whose possession entitles the holder to a means of access
v. harmonize with or adjust to

keyhole
n. the hole where a key is inserted

kick
v. express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or unhappiness
v. kick a leg up

kid
n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat
v. be silly or tease one another

kidnaper
n. someone who unlawfully seizes and detains a victim (usually for ransom)
n. someone who unlawfully seizes and detains a victim (usually for ransom)

kill
n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile
v. end or extinguish by forceful means

killer
n. predatory black-and-white toothed whale with large dorsal fin; common in cold seas
n. a difficulty that is hard to deal with

kilo
n. one thousand grams; the basic unit of mass adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites

kilogram
n. one thousand grams; the basic unit of mass adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites

kilometer
n. a metric unit of length equal to 1000 meters (or 0.621371 miles)

kilowatt
n. a unit of power equal to 1000 watts

kind
n. a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality
a. having or showing a tender and considerate and helpful nature; used especially of persons and their behavior

kindergarten
n. a preschool for children age 4 to 6 to prepare them for primary school

kindly
ad. in a kind manner or out of kindness
a. pleasant and agreeable

kindness
n. the quality of being warmhearted and considerate and humane and sympathetic
n. tendency to be kind and forgiving

king
n. preeminence in a particular category or group or field
n. a checker that has been moved to the opponent's first row where it is promoted to a piece that is free to move either forward or backward

kiss
n. any of several bite-sized candies
n. a cookie made of egg whites and sugar

kit
n. young of any of various fur-bearing animals
n. a case for containing a set of articles

kitchen
n. a room equipped for preparing meals

kite
v. soar or fly like a kite
v. fly a kite

knee
n. hinge joint in the human leg connecting the tibia and fibula with the femur and protected in front by the patella
n. joint between the femur and tibia in a quadruped; corresponds to the human knee

knife
n. edge tool used as a cutting instrument; has a pointed blade with a sharp edge and a handle
n. any long thin projection that is transient

knight
n. a chessman shaped to resemble the head of a horse; can move two squares horizontally and one vertically (or vice versa)
n. originally a person of noble birth trained to arms and chivalry; today in Great Britain a person honored by the sovereign for...

knock
v. deliver a sharp blow or push :
n. negative criticism

know
v. have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations
v. accept (someone) to be what is claimed or accept his power and authority
know-how
n. the (technical) knowledge and skill required to do something

knowledge
n. the psychological result of perception and learning and reasoning

knowledgeable
a. highly educated; having extensive information or understanding
a. alert and fully informed