
tabulate
v. arrange or enter in tabular form
v. shape or cut with a flat surface

tactful
a. showing skill and sensitivity in dealing with people
a. having or showing a sense of what is fitting and considerate in dealingwith others

tail
n. any projection that resembles the tail of an animal
v. remove or shorten the tail of an animal

take
v. take somebody somewhere
v. be seized or affected in a specified way
take-off
v. take time off from work; stop working temporarily
v. prove fatal

tale
n. a message that tells the particulars of an act or occurrence or course ofevents; presented in writing or drama or cinema or as a radio or televisionprogram
n. a trivial lie

talk
v. express in speech
n. discussion; (`talk about' is a less formal alternative for `discussion of')

talkative
a. friendly and open and willing to talk
a. full of trivial conversation

tall
a. too improbable to admit of belief
a. lofty in style

tank
v. treat in a tank
v. consume excessive amounts of alcohol

tanker
n. a cargo ship designed to carry crude oil in bulk
n. a soldier who drives a tank
tape-recorder
n. a magnetic recorder using magnetic tape
tape-recording
n. a recording made on magnetic tape

tare
n. weedy annual grass often occurs in grainfields and other cultivated land;
seeds sometimes considered poisonous
n. the weight of a motor vehicle, railroad car, or aircraft without its fuel orcargo

tasteful
a. having or showing or conforming to good taste
a. free from what is tawdry or unbecoming

tax
v. set or determine the amount of (a payment such as a fine)
v. use to the limit

taxi
v. ride in a taxicab
n. a car driven by a person whose job is to take passengers where they wantto go in exchange for money

tea
n. a light midafternoon meal of tea and sandwiches or cakes
n. a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water

teach
v. impart skills or knowledge to
n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coastof North America (died in 1718)

teacher
n. a personified abstraction that teaches
n. a person whose occupation is teaching

teaching
n. the profession of a teacher
n. the activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart knowledgeor skill

teacup
n. as much as a teacup will hold
n. a cup from which tea is drunk

technological
a. of or relating to a practical subject that is organized according to scientificprinciples
a. based in scientific and industrial progress

teenager
n. a juvenile between the onset of puberty and maturity

teens
n. the time of life between the ages of 12 and 20
n. all the numbers that end in -teen

telefax
v. send something via a facsimile machine

telegram
n. a message transmitted by telegraph

telephone
v. get or try to get into communication (with someone) by telephone
n. transmitting speech at a distance

television
n. a telecommunication system that transmits images of objects (stationaryor moving) between distant points
n. broadcasting visual images of stationary or moving objects

tell
v. discern or comprehend
v. inform positively and with certainty and confidence

teller
n. United States physicist (born in Hungary) who worked on the first atombomb and the first hydrogen bomb (1908-2003)
n. an official appointed to count the votes (especially in legislative assembly)

ten
a. being one more than nine
n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nine and one; the base of thedecimal system

tennis
n. a game played with rackets by two or four players who hit a ball back andforth over a net that divides the court

tent
n. a web that resembles a tent or carpet
n. a portable shelter (usually of canvas stretched over supporting poles andfastened to the ground with ropes and pegs)

tenth
a. coming next after the ninth and just before the eleventh in position
n. a tenth part; one part in ten equal parts

terminable
a. capable of being terminated after a designated time

terrible
a. intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or quality
a. extreme in degree or extent or amount or impact

terrorism
n. the calculated use of violence (or the threat of violence) against civiliansin order to attain goals that are political or religious or ideological in nature;this is done through intimidation or coercion or instilling fear

terrorist
n. a radical who employs terror as a political weapon; usually organizes withother terrorists in small cells; often uses religion as a cover for terroristactivities

test
v. undergo a test
n. any standardized procedure for measuring sensitivity or memory orintelligence or aptitude or personality etc

textbook
n. a book prepared for use in schools or colleges
a. according to or characteristic of a casebook or textbook; typical

textual
a. of or relating to or based on a text

thank
v. express gratitude or show appreciation to

thankful
a. feeling or showing gratitude

thanks
v. express gratitude or show appreciation to

thanksgiving
n. fourth Thursday in November in the United States; second Monday inOctober in Canada; commemorates a feast held in 1621 by the Pilgrims andthe Wampanoag
n. a short prayer of thanks before a meal

theatre
n. a building where theatrical performances or motion-picture shows can bepresented
n. a region in which active military operations are in progress

then
n. that time; that moment
ad. in that case or as a consequence

there
n. a location other than here; that place
ad. in that matter

thereafter
ad. from that time on

therefrom
ad. from that circumstance or source
ad. from that place or from there

therein
ad. (formal) in or into that thing or place

thereof
ad. of or concerning this or that
ad. from that circumstance or source

thereon
ad. on that

therewith
ad. with that or this or it

thick
a. having a short and solid form or stature
a. not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from onesurface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions

thicken
v. make viscous or dense
v. make thick or thicker

thickness
n. indistinct articulation
n. the dimension through an object as opposed to its length or width

thief
n. a criminal who takes property belonging to someone else with theintention of keeping it or selling it

thin
v. lessen the strength or flavor of a solution or mixture
a. not dense

thing
n. a special objective
n. a persistent illogical feeling of desire or aversion

think
n. an instance of deliberate thinking
v. be capable of conscious thought

thinker
n. an important intellectual
n. someone who exercises the mind (usually in an effort to reach a decision)

thinking
n. the process of using your mind to consider something carefully
a. endowed with the capacity to reason

third
n. following the second position in an ordering or series
n. the base that must be touched third by a base runner in baseball

thirsty
a. (usually followed by `for') extremely desirous
a. feeling a need or desire to drink

thirteen
a. being one more than twelve
n. the cardinal number that is the sum of twelve and one

thirty
n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and three
a. being ten more than twenty

thoroughly
ad. in an exhaustive manner
ad. completely and absolutely (`good' is sometimes used informally for`thoroughly')

though
ad. (postpositive) however

thought
n. the process of using your mind to consider something carefully
n. the organized beliefs of a period or group or individual

thoughtless
a. without care or thought for others
a. showing lack of careful thought

thousand
a. denoting a quantity consisting of 1,000 items or units
n. the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100

threat
n. a person who inspires fear or dread
n. declaration of an intention or a determination to inflict harm on another

three
n. one of four playing cards in a deck having three pips
n. the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one and one

thrift
n. extreme care in spending money; reluctance to spend moneyunnecessarily
n. any of numerous sun-loving low-growing evergreens of the genus Armeriahaving round heads of pink or white flowers

thriller
n. a suspenseful adventure story or play or movie

throne
n. the chair of state for a monarch, bishop, etc.
v. put a monarch on the throne

through
ad. from beginning to end
a. having finished or arrived at completion

throw
v. organize or be responsible for
v. get rid of

thumbtack
v. fasten with thumbtacks
n. a tack for attaching papers to a bulletin board or drawing board

thursday
n. the fifth day of the week; the fourth working day

thus
ad. in the way indicated
ad. (used to introduce a logical conclusion) from that fact or reason or as aresult

ticket
v. provide with a ticket for passage or admission
n. a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election topublic offices

tickle
v. touch (a body part) lightly so as to excite the surface nerves and causeuneasiness, laughter, or spasmodic movements
n. the act of tickling

tie
n. neckwear consisting of a long narrow piece of material worn (mostly bymen) under a collar and tied in knot at the front
n. a social or business relationship
tie-up
v. invest so as to make unavailable for other purposes
v. restrain from moving or operating normally

tiger
n. large feline of forests in most of Asia having a tawny coat with blackstripes; endangered
n. a fierce or audacious person

tight
ad. in an attentive manner
a. affected by scarcity and expensive to borrow

tightly
ad. securely fixed or fastened
ad. in a tight or constricted manner

tigress
n. a female tiger

till
v. work land as by ploughing, harrowing, and manuring, in order to make itready for cultivation
n. unstratified soil deposited by a glacier; consists of sand and clay andgravel and boulders mixed together

time
n. a reading of a point in time as given by a clock
n. a period of time considered as a resource under your control and sufficientto accomplish something

timetable
n. a schedule of times of arrivals and departures
n. a schedule listing events and the times at which they will take place

tin
n. a vessel (box, can, pan, etc.) made of tinplate and used mainly in baking
n. metal container for storing dry foods such as tea or flour

tiny
a. very small

tiptoe
a. walking on the tips of ones's toes so as to make no noise
v. walk on one's toes

tire
n. hoop that covers a wheel
v. cause to be bored

tired
a. depleted of strength or energy
a. repeated too often; overfamiliar through overuse

tiresome
a. so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness

toad
n. any of various tailless stout-bodied amphibians with long hind limbs forleaping; semiaquatic and terrestrial species

tobacco
n. aromatic annual or perennial herbs and shrubs
n. leaves of the tobacco plant dried and prepared for smoking or ingestion

today
ad. in these times
n. the day that includes the present moment (as opposed to yesterday ortomorrow)

together
ad. assembled in one place
ad. in contact with each other or in proximity

toilet
n. misfortune resulting in lost effort or money
n. a room or building equipped with one or more toilets

tomato
n. mildly acid red or yellow pulpy fruit eaten as a vegetable
n. native to South America; widely cultivated in many varieties

tomb
n. a place for the burial of a corpse (especially beneath the ground andmarked by a tombstone)

tombstone
n. a stone that is used to mark a grave

tomorrow
n. the near future
ad. the next day, the day after, following the present day

ton
n. a British unit of weight equivalent to 2240 pounds
n. a United States unit of weight equivalent to 2000 pounds

tone
n. (music) the distinctive property of a complex sound (a voice or noise ormusical sound)
n. a musical interval of two semitones

tonight
ad. during the night of the present day
n. the present or immediately coming night

tonnage
n. a tax imposed on ships that enter the US; based on the tonnage of theship

tonne
n. a unit of weight equivalent to 1000 kilograms

too
ad. in addition
ad. to a degree exceeding normal or proper limits

tool
v. ride in a car with no particular goal and just for the pleasure of it
n. the means whereby some act is accomplished

tooth
n. one of a number of uniform projections on a gear
n. hard bonelike structures in the jaws of vertebrates; used for biting andchewing or for attack and defense

toothache
n. an ache localized in or around a tooth

toothbrush
n. slang for a mustache
n. small brush; has long handle; used to clean teeth

toothpaste
n. a dentifrice in the form of a paste

top
v. reach or ascend the top of
n. a garment (especially for women) that extends from the shoulders to thewaist or hips

torment
n. extreme mental distress
n. a feeling of intense annoyance caused by being tormented

torpedo
n. an explosive device that is set off in an oil well (or a gas well) to start or
to increase the flow of oil (or gas)
v. attack or hit with torpedoes

tortoise
n. usually herbivorous land turtles having clawed elephant-like limbs;worldwide in arid area except Australia and Antarctica

total
a. complete in extent or degree and in every particular
v. add up in number or quantity

totally
ad. to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often usedinformally for `wholly')

touch
v. be in direct physical contact with; make contact
n. the faculty by which external objects or forces are perceived throughcontact with the body (especially the hands)

tour
n. a journey or route all the way around a particular place or area
v. make a tour of a certain place

tourist
n. someone who travels for pleasure

town
n. an administrative division of a county
n. United States architect who was noted for his design and construction oftruss bridges (1784-1844)

toy
v. manipulate manually or in one's mind or imagination
n. any of several breeds of very small dogs kept purely as pets

trade
v. engage in the trade of
v. do business; offer for sale as for one's livelihood

trademark
v. register the trademark of
n. a distinctive characteristic or attribute

trader
n. someone who purchases and maintains an inventory of goods to be sold

tradesman
n. a merchant who owns or manages a shop

traditional
a. pertaining to time-honored orthodox doctrines
a. consisting of or derived from tradition

traffic
n. the amount of activity over a communication system during a given period
of time
n. the aggregation of things (pedestrians or vehicles) coming and going in aparticular locality during a specified period of time

tragic
a. very sad; especially involving grief or death or destruction
a. of or relating to or characteristic of tragedy

train
v. teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment
v. teach and supervise (someone); act as a trainer or coach (to), as in sports

trainee
n. someone who is being trained

trainer
n. one who trains other persons or animals
n. simulator consisting of a machine on the ground that simulates theconditions of flying a plane

training
n. the result of good upbringing (especially knowledge of correct socialbehavior)
n. activity leading to skilled behavior

tram
n. a conveyance that transports passengers or freight in carriers suspendedfrom cables and supported by a series of towers
v. travel by tram

transact
v. conduct business

transferable
a. legally transferable to the ownership of another
a. capable of being moved or conveyed from one place to another

transformer
n. an electrical device by which alternating current of one voltage is changedto another voltage

translate
v. make sense of a language
v. change from one form or medium into another

translation
n. (mathematics) a transformation in which the origin of the coordinatesystem is moved to another position but the direction of each axis remainsthe same
n. a written communication in a second language having the same meaningas the written communic...

translator
n. someone who mediates between speakers of different languages
n. a program that translates one programming language into another

transportation
n. the act of expelling a person from their native land
n. the act of moving something from one location to another

transship
v. transfer for further transportation from one ship or conveyance to another

transshipment
n. the transfer from one conveyance to another for shipment

transverse
a. extending or lying across; in a crosswise direction; at right angles to thelong axis

travel
v. travel upon or across
n. the act of going from one place to another

traveler
n. a person who changes location

treasure
n. art highly prized for its beauty or perfection
n. a collection of precious things

treasurer
n. an officer charged with receiving and disbursing funds

treat
v. provide with choice or abundant food or drink
n. something considered choice to eat

tree
v. plant with trees
n. a tall perennial woody plant having a main trunk and branches forming adistinct elevated crown; includes both gymnosperms and angiosperms

triangle
n. any of various triangular drafting instruments used to draw straight linesat specified angles
n. a percussion instrument consisting of a metal bar bent in the shape of anopen triangle

triangular
a. having three angles; forming or shaped like a triangle
a. having three sides

tricky
a. having concealed difficulty
a. not to be trusted

trip
n. an unintentional but embarrassing blunder
n. an accidental misstep threatening (or causing) a fall

triplicate
n. one of three copies; any of three things that correspond to one anotherexactly
v. reproduce threefold

triumphant
a. experiencing triumph
a. joyful and proud especially because of triumph or success

trolley
n. a wheeled vehicle that runs on rails and is propelled by electricity

troop
v. march in a procession
n. a group of soldiers

trot
n. radicals who support Trotsky's theory that socialism must be establishedthroughout the world by continuing revolution
v. ride at a trot

trouble
v. move deeply
v. to cause inconvenience or discomfort to

truck
n. an automotive vehicle suitable for hauling
n. a handcart that has a frame with two low wheels and a ledge at thebottom and handles at the top; used to move crates or other heavy objects

true
ad. as acknowledged
a. determined with reference to the earth's axis rather than the magneticpoles

truly
ad. by right
ad. with sincerity; without pretense

trust
v. be confident about something
n. a consortium of independent organizations formed to limit competition bycontrolling the production and distribution of a product or service

truth
n. a true statement
n. a fact that has been verified

truthful
a. conforming to truth
a. expressing or given to expressing the truth

try
v. give pain or trouble to
v. put on a garment in order to see whether it fits and looks nice

tuberculosis
n. infection transmitted by inhalation or ingestion of tubercle bacilli andmanifested in fever and small lesions (usually in the lungs but in variousother parts of the body in acute stages)

tuesday
n. the third day of the week; the second working day

tulip
n. any of numerous perennial bulbous herbs having linear or broadlylanceolate leaves and usually a single showy flower

tuna
n. important warm-water fatty fish of the genus Thunnus of the familyScombridae; usually served as steaks
n. any very large marine food and game fish of the genus Thunnus; relatedto mackerel; chiefly of warm waters

tune
n. the adjustment of a radio receiver or other circuit to a required frequency
n. the property of producing accurately a note of a given pitch

turbine
n. rotary engine in which the kinetic energy of a moving fluid is convertedinto mechanical energy by causing a bladed rotor to rotate

turkey
n. an event that fails badly or is totally ineffectual
n. large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food

turn
v. channel one's attention, interest, thought, or attention toward or awayfrom something
v. cause to move around or rotate

turning
n. a shaving created when something is produced by turning it on a lathe
n. the end-product created by shaping something on a lathe

turnip
n. widely cultivated plant having a large fleshy edible white or yellow root
n. root of any of several members of the mustard family

turtle
v. hunt for turtles, especially as an occupation
n. any of various aquatic and land reptiles having a bony shell and flipper-like limbs for swimming

twelfth
a. coming next after the eleventh and just before the thirteenth in position
n. one part in twelve equal parts

twelve
n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one
a. denoting a quantity consisting of 12 items or units

twentieth
a. coming next after the nineteenth in position
n. position 20 in a countable series of things

twenty
a. denoting a quantity consisting of 20 items or units
n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one

twice
ad. to double the degree
ad. two times

twin
v. bring two objects, ideas, or people together
n. a waterfall in the Snake River in southern Idaho

two
a. being one more than one
n. the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one or a numeralrepresenting this number

type
n. all of the tokens of the same symbol
n. (biology) the taxonomic group whose characteristics are used to definethe next higher taxon

typewriter
n. hand-operated character printer for printing written messages onecharacter at a time

typist
n. someone paid to operate a typewriter

ulcer
n. a circumscribed inflammatory and often suppurating lesion on the skin oran internal mucous surface resulting in necrosis of tissue

ultimo
a. in or of the month preceding the present one

umbrella
n. having the function of uniting a group of similar things
n. a formation of military planes maintained over ground operations ortargets

unable
a. (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill orknow-how
a. lacking in power or forcefulness

unacceptable
a. not conforming to standard usage
a. not adequate to give satisfaction

unaccommodating
a. offering no assistance
a. not accommodating

unavoidable
a. impossible to avoid or evade:

uncertain
a. not established or confirmed
a. not established beyond doubt; still undecided or unknown

uncertainty
n. the state of being unsure of something
n. being unsettled or in doubt or dependent on chance

uncle
n. the brother of your father or mother; the husband of your aunt
n. a source of help and advice and encouragement

uncomfortable
a. providing or experiencing physical discomfort
a. conducive to or feeling mental discomfort

uncommon
a. marked by an uncommon quality; especially superlative or extreme of itskind
a. not common or ordinarily encountered; unusually great in amount orremarkable in character or kind

unconditionally
ad. not subject to a condition
ad. in an unqualified manner

under
ad. below some quantity or limit
a. lower in rank, power, or authority

undermentioned
a. about to be mentioned or specified

undersigned
v. sign at the bottom of (a document)

understand
v. know and comprehend the nature or meaning of
v. be understanding of

understanding
n. an inclination to support or be loyal to or to agree with an opinion
n. the capacity for rational thought or inference or discrimination

underwear
n. undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments

underwriter
n. an agent who sells insurance
n. a financial institution that sells insurance

unduly
ad. to an undue degree

unexpected
a. not expected or anticipated

unfit
a. below the required standards for a purpose
a. not in good physical or mental condition; out of condition

unfortunate
a. unsuitable or regrettable
a. not favored by fortune; marked or accompanied by or resulting in illfortune

unhappy
a. marked by or producing unhappiness
a. experiencing or marked by or causing sadness or sorrow or discontent

uniformly
ad. in a uniform manner

uninterested
a. not having or showing interest
a. having no care or interest in knowing

union
a. being of or having to do with the northern United States and those loyalto the Union during the American Civil War
n. an organization of employees formed to bargain with the employer

unit
n. any division of quantity accepted as a standard of measurement orexchange
n. an organization regarded as part of a larger social group

unite
v. have or possess in combination
v. bring together for a common purpose or action or ideology or in a sharedsituation

united
a. characterized by unity; being or joined into a single entity
a. of or relating to two people who are married to each other

universally
ad. everywhere

university
n. the body of faculty and students at a university
n. establishment where a seat of higher learning is housed, includingadministrative and living quarters as well as facilities for research andteaching

unjust
a. not fair; marked by injustice or partiality or deception
a. violating principles of justice

unkind
a. lacking kindness
a. deficient in humane and kindly feelings

unknown
a. not famous or acclaimed
a. not known before

unlawful
a. contrary to or forbidden by law
a. not conforming to legality, moral law, or social convention

unlike
a. marked by dissimilarity
a. not equal in amount

unlimited
a. without reservation or exception
a. that cannot be entirely consumed or used up

unlock
v. open the lock of
v. set free or release

unlucky
a. having or bringing misfortune
a. marked by or promising bad fortune

unmerchantable
a. not fit for sale

unnecessary
a. not necessary

unobtainable
a. not capable of being obtained

unpaid
a. without payment
a. engaged in as a pastime

unpleasant
a. disagreeable to the senses, to the mind, or feelings

unprecedentedly
ad. in an unprecedented manner

unreasonable
a. not reasonable; not showing good judgment
a. beyond normal limits

unsalable
a. impossible to sell

unsuitable
a. not capable of being applied
a. not meant or adapted for a particular purpose

untie
v. undo the ties of
v. cause to become loose

unusable
a. not capable of being used

unusual
a. being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected; slightly odd or even abit weird
a. not usual or common or ordinary

unwelcome
a. not welcome
a. not welcome; not giving pleasure or received with pleasure

unwilling
a. not disposed or inclined toward
a. in spite of contrary volition

unworkable
a. not capable of being carried out or put into practice

up
ad. to a higher intensity
a. used up

upon
a. being up to particular standard or level especially in being up to date inknowledge

upper
a. higher in place or position
n. the higher of two berths

uproar
n. loud confused noise from many sources
n. a state of commotion and noise and confusion

upside
n. the highest or uppermost side of anything
upside-down
a. being in such a position that top and bottom are reversed

upstairs
ad. with respect to the mind
ad. on a floor above
up-to-date
a. reflecting the latest information or changes
a. in accord with the most fashionable ideas or style

upward
ad. to a later time
a. directed up

uranium
n. a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in manyisotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons

urgently
ad. with great urgency

us
n. North American republic containing 50 states - 48 conterminous states inNorth America plus Alaska in northwest North America and the HawaiianIslands in the Pacific Ocean; achieved independence in 1776

usage
n. the act of using
n. accepted or habitual practice

use
v. seek or achieve an end by using to one's advantage
v. avail oneself to

useful
a. being of use or service
a. having a useful function

usefulness
n. the quality of being of practical use

useless
a. having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully

user
n. a person who makes use of a thing; someone who uses or employssomething
n. a person who uses something or someone selfishly or unethically

usual
a. occurring or encountered or experienced or observed frequently or inaccordance with regular practice or procedure
a. commonly encountered

usually
ad. under normal conditions

vaccination
n. the scar left following inoculation with a vaccine
n. taking a vaccine as a precaution against contracting a disease

vainly
ad. to no avail

valuable
a. having great material or monetary value especially for use or exchange
n. something of value

value
n. (music) the relative duration of a musical note
v. fix or determine the value of; assign a value to

valued
a. held in great esteem for admirable qualities especially of an intrinsicnature
a. (usually used in combination) having value of a specified kind

van
n. (Great Britain) a closed railroad car that carries baggage or freight
n. a truck with an enclosed cargo space

vase
n. an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers

velvet
a. resembling velvet in having a smooth soft surface
n. a silky densely piled fabric with a plain back

vender
n. someone who promotes or exchanges goods or services for money

venus
n. type genus of the family Veneridae: genus of edible clams with thick ovalshells
n. goddess of love; counterpart of Greek Aphrodite

verb
n. the word class that serves as the predicate of a sentence
n. a content word that denotes an action, occurrence, or state of existence

verification
n. additional proof that something that was believed (some fact orhypothesis or theory) is correct
n. (law) an affidavit attached to a statement confirming the truth of thatstatement

very
ad. used as intensifiers; `real' is sometimes used informally for `really';`rattling' is informal
ad. precisely so

vest
v. clothe oneself in ecclesiastical garments
v. clothe formally; especially in ecclesiastical robes

victim
n. an unfortunate person who suffers from some adverse circumstance
n. a person who is tricked or swindled

video
n. a recording of both the visual and audible components (especially onecontaining a recording of a movie or television program)
n. (computer science) the appearance of text and graphics on a video display

view
n. a way of regarding situations or topics etc.
v. see or watch

viewer
n. an optical device for viewing photographic transparencies
n. a close observer; someone who looks at something (such as an exhibitionof some kind)

viewpoint
n. a place from which something can be viewed
n. a mental position from which things are viewed

villa
n. Mexican revolutionary leader (1877-1923)
n. detached or semidetached suburban house

village
n. a community of people smaller than a town
n. a settlement smaller than a town

villain
n. the principal bad character in a film or work of fiction
n. a wicked or evil person; someone who does evil deliberately

vinegar
n. dilute acetic acid
n. sour-tasting liquid produced usually by oxidation of the alcohol in wine orcider and used as a condiment or food preservative

violation
n. an act that disregards an agreement or a right
n. a crime less serious than a felony

violet
n. a variable color that lies beyond blue in the spectrum
n. any of numerous low-growing violas with small flowers

virgin
n. (astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Virgo
n. a person who has never had sex

visa
v. provide (a passport) with a visa
v. approve officially

visit
v. go to see a place, as for entertainment
n. the act of visiting in an official capacity (as for an inspection)

visitor
n. someone who visits

vitamin
n. any of a group of organic substances essential in small quantities tonormal metabolism

vividly
ad. in a vivid manner

vividness
n. interest and variety and intensity
n. chromatic purity: freedom from dilution with white and hence vivid in hue

vocabulary
n. a language user's knowledge of words
n. the system of techniques or symbols serving as a means of expression (asin arts or crafts)

voice
n. the ability to speak
n. expressing in coherent verbal form

voiceless
a. deprived of the rights of citizenship especially the right to vote
a. produced without vibration of the vocal cords

volleyball
n. an inflated ball used in playing volleyball
n. a game in which two teams hit an inflated ball over a high net using theirhands

volt
n. a unit of potential equal to the potential difference between two points ona conductor carrying a current of 1 ampere when the power dissipatedbetween the two points is 1 watt; equivalent to the potential differenceacross a resistance of 1 ohm when 1...

voting
n. a choice that is made by counting the number of people in favor of eachalternative

vouch
v. give personal assurance; guarantee
v. give supporting evidence

vulnerability
n. the state of being vulnerable or exposed
n. susceptibility to injury or attack

wait
v. wait before acting
v. stay in one place and anticipate or expect something

waiter
n. a person who waits or awaits
n. a person whose occupation is to serve at table (as in a restaurant)

waitress
n. a woman waiter
v. serve as a waiter or waitress in a restaurant

waken
v. stop sleeping
v. cause to become awake or conscious

walk
v. live or behave in a specified manner
v. walk at a pace

walker
n. a light enclosing framework (trade name Zimmer) with rubber castors orwheels and handles; helps invalids or the handicapped or the aged to walk
n. United States writer (born in 1944)

wall
n. a difficult or awkward situation
n. an architectural partition with a height and length greater than itsthickness; used to divide or enclose an area or to support another structure

wallet
n. a pocket-size case for holding papers and paper money

want
n. a specific feeling of desire
v. feel or have a desire for; want strongly

war
n. the waging of armed conflict against an enemy
v. make or wage war

warehousing
n. depositing in a warehouse

warm
a. characterized by liveliness or excitement or disagreement
v. make warm or warmer

warmly
ad. in a hearty manner
ad. in a warm manner

warmth
n. a quality proceeding from feelings of affection or love
n. the quality of having a moderate degree of heat

warn
v. admonish or counsel in terms of someone's behavior
v. notify, usually in advance

warning
a. serving to warn
n. notification of something, usually in advance

warranted
v. stand behind and guarantee the quality, accuracy, or condition of
n. formal and explicit approval

warranty
n. a written assurance that some product or service will be provided or willmeet certain specifications

warship
n. a government ship that is available for waging war

wash
v. to cleanse (itself or another animal) by licking
v. move by or as if by water
washing-machine
n. a home appliance for washing clothes and linens automatically

wasp
n. social or solitary hymenopterans typically having a slender body with theabdomen attached by a narrow stalk and having a formidable sting
n. a white person of Anglo-Saxon ancestry who belongs to a Protestantdenomination

waste
v. lose vigor, health, or flesh, as through grief
n. an uninhabited wilderness that is worthless for cultivation

wasteful
a. laying waste
a. tending to squander and waste

watch
n. the rite of staying awake for devotional purposes (especially on the eve ofa religious festival)
v. see or watch

watchful
a. engaged in or accustomed to close observation
a. experiencing or accompanied by sleeplessness

water
v. provide with water
n. binary compound that occurs at room temperature as a clear colorlessodorless tasteless liquid; freezes into ice below 0 degrees centigrade andboils above 100 degrees centigrade; widely used as a solvent

waterfall
n. a steep descent of the water of a river

waterfront
n. the area of a city (such as a harbor or dockyard) alongside a body ofwater

watertight
a. not allowing water to pass in or out
a. without flaws or loopholes

watery
a. filled with water
a. relating to or resembling or consisting of water

watt
n. a unit of power equal to 1 joule per second; the power dissipated by acurrent of 1 ampere flowing across a resistance of 1 ohm
n. Scottish engineer and inventor whose improvements in the steam engineled to its wide use in industry (1736-1819)

wave
n. (physics) a movement up and down or back and forth
n. one of a series of ridges that moves across the surface of a liquid(especially across a large body of water)

wavelength
n. the distance (measured in the direction of propagation) between twopoints in the same phase in consecutive cycles of a wave
n. a shared orientation leading to mutual understanding

waving
n. (physics) a movement up and down or back and forth
n. one of a series of ridges that moves across the surface of a liquid(especially across a large body of water)

way
n. doing as one pleases or chooses
n. how something is done or how it happens

weak
a. lacking bodily or muscular strength or vitality
a. wanting in moral strength, courage, or will; having the attributes of manas opposed to e.g. divine beings

weakness
n. a penchant for something even though it might not be good for you
n. the property of lacking physical or mental strength; liability to failureunder pressure or stress or strain

wealth
n. the quality of profuse abundance
n. property that has economic utility: a monetary value or an exchangevalue

wealthy
a. having an abundant supply of money or possessions of value

wear
v. go to pieces
v. deteriorate through use or stress

wednesday
n. the fourth day of the week; the third working day

week
n. any period of seven consecutive days
n. hours or days of work in a calendar week

weekday
n. any day except Sunday (and sometimes except Saturday)

weekend
v. spend the weekend
n. a time period usually extending from Friday night through Sunday; moreloosely defined as any period of successive days including one and only oneSunday

weekly
ad. without missing a week
a. of or occurring every seven days

weep
v. shed tears because of sadness, rage, or pain

weigh
v. determine the weight of
v. show consideration for; take into account

weight
n. an artifact that is heavy
n. a system of units used to express the weight of something

welcome
n. the state of being welcome
n. a greeting or reception

well
a. in good health especially after having suffered illness or injury
ad. with prudence or propriety
well-known
a. frequently experienced; known closely or intimately
a. widely or fully known

west
n. the region of the United States lying to the west of the Mississippi River
n. the direction corresponding to the westward cardinal compass point

western
n. a film about life in the western United States during the period of
exploration and development
a. of or characteristic of regions of the United States west of the MississippiRiver

westerner
n. an inhabitant of a western area; especially of the U.S.

westward
n. the cardinal compass point that is a 270 degrees
ad. toward the west

wet
a. very drunk
a. covered or soaked with a liquid such as water

whale
n. a very large person; impressive in size or qualities
n. any of the larger cetacean mammals having a streamlined body andbreathing through a blowhole on the head

wharf
v. discharge at a wharf
v. provide with a wharf

whatever
a. one or some or every or all without specification

wheat
n. a variable yellow tint; dull yellow, often diluted with white
n. grains of common wheat; sometimes cooked whole or cracked as cereal;usually ground into flour

wheel
v. wheel somebody or something
n. a simple machine consisting of a circular frame with spokes (or a soliddisc) that can rotate on a shaft or axle (as in vehicles or other machines)

whereabouts
n. the general location where something is

wherever
ad. where in the world

while
n. a period of indeterminate length (usually short) marked by some action orcondition

whisker
n. a long stiff hair growing from the snout or brow of most mammals as e.g.a cat
v. furnish with whiskers

whisky
n. a liquor made from fermented mash of grain

white
a. being of the achromatic color of maximum lightness; having little or nohue owing to reflection of almost all incident light
n. a member of the Caucasoid race

whitewash
v. exonerate by means of a perfunctory investigation or through biasedpresentation of data
v. cover with whitewash

who
n. a United Nations agency to coordinate international health activities andto help governments improve health services

whole
a. not injured
a. exhibiting or restored to vigorous good health

wholesaling
ad. on a large scale without careful discrimination
a. ignoring distinctions

wholly
ad. to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often usedinformally for `wholly')

why
n. the cause or intention underlying an action or situation, especially in thephrase `the whys and wherefores'

wide
ad. far from the intended target
a. great in degree

widely
ad. so as to leave much space or distance between
ad. to a great degree

widen
v. extend in scope or range or area
v. make (clothes) larger

widow
n. a woman whose husband is dead especially one who has not remarried
v. cause to be without a spouse

widower
n. a man whose wife is dead especially one who has not remarried

wife
n. a married woman; a man's partner in marriage

wild
a. in a state of extreme emotion
a. (of colors or sounds) intensely vivid or loud

will
v. determine by choice
n. the capability of conscious choice and decision and intention

willing
a. disposed or inclined toward
n. the act of making a choice

willingly
ad. in a willing manner

willingness
n. cheerful compliance

win
n. something won (especially money)
v. obtain advantages, such as points, etc.

wind
v. raise or haul up with or as if with mechanical help
v. form into a wreath

windmill
n. generator that extracts usable energy from winds
n. a mill that is powered by the wind

window
n. an opening in a wall or screen that admits light and air and through whichcustomers can be served
n. a pane of glass in a window

windowsill
n. the sill of a window; the horizontal member at the bottom of the windowframe

windy
a. not practical or realizable; speculative
a. abounding in or exposed to the wind or breezes

wine
v. drink wine
n. fermented juice (of grapes especially)

winery
n. distillery where wine is made

wing
n. the side of military or naval formation
n. a unit of military aircraft

wink
v. gleam or glow intermittently
v. force to go away by blinking

winner
n. a person with a record of successes
n. a gambler who wins a bet

winter
v. spend the winter
n. the coldest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extendsfrom the winter solstice to the vernal equinox

wipe
n. the act of rubbing or wiping
v. rub with a circular motion

wire
v. send cables, wires, or telegrams
n. the finishing line on a racetrack

wireless
a. having no wires
n. transmission by radio waves

wise
a. evidencing the possession of inside information
a. marked by the exercise of good judgment or common sense in practicalmatters

wish
n. a specific feeling of desire
v. invoke upon

within
ad. on the inside

witty
a. combining clever conception and facetious expression

wolf
n. any of various predatory carnivorous canine mammals of North Americaand Eurasia that usually hunt in packs
n. Austrian composer (1860-1903)

woman
n. a female person who plays a significant role (wife or mistress or girlfriend)in the life of a particular man
n. a human female employed to do housework

wonder
n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising
v. be amazed at

wonderful
a. extraordinarily good or great ; used especially as intensifiers

wood
n. the trees and other plants in a large densely wooded area
n. a golf club with a long shaft used to hit long shots; originally made with awooden head

wooden
a. lacking ease or grace
a. made or consisting of (entirely or in part) or employing wood

woodpecker
n. bird with strong claws and a stiff tail adapted for climbing and a hardchisel-like bill for boring into wood for insects

woollen
a. of or related to or made of wool
n. a fabric made from the hair of sheep

word
n. the sacred writings of the Christian religions
n. a unit of language that native speakers can identify

wordy
a. using or containing too many words

work
n. (physics) a manifestation of energy; the transfer of energy from onephysical system to another expressed as the product of a force and thedistance through which it moves a body in the direction of that force
v. use or manipulate to one's advantag...

workable
a. capable of being done with means at hand and circumstances as they are

worker
n. a member of the working class (not necessarily employed)
n. a person who works at a specific occupation

workman
n. an employee who performs manual or industrial labor

workmanship
n. skill in an occupation or trade

works
n. (physics) a manifestation of energy; the transfer of energy from onephysical system to another expressed as the product of a force and thedistance through which it moves a body in the direction of that force
v. use or manipulate to one's advantag...

workshop
n. a brief intensive course for a small group; emphasizes problem solving
n. small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done

world
n. all of the living human inhabitants of the earth
n. the 3rd planet from the sun; the planet we live on

worm
n. screw thread on a gear with the teeth of a worm wheel or rack
v. to move in a twisting or contorted motion, (especially when struggling)

worry
v. touch or rub constantly
v. lacerate by biting

worse
n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect
a. changed for the worse in health or fitness

worship
v. show devotion to (a deity)
n. a feeling of profound love and admiration

worth
n. French couturier (born in England) regarded as the founder of Parisianhaute couture; noted for introducing the bustle (1825-1895)
n. the quality that renders something desirable or valuable or useful

worthless
a. morally reprehensible
a. lacking in usefulness or value

worthy
n. an important, honorable person (word is often used humorously)
a. having qualities or abilities that merit recognition in some way

wound
n. a figurative injury (to your feelings or pride)
n. the act of inflicting a wound

wounded
n. a figurative injury (to your feelings or pride)
n. the act of inflicting a wound

wrapper
n. the covering (usually paper or cellophane) in which something is wrapped
n. a loose dressing gown for women

wreath
n. flower arrangement consisting of a circular band of foliage or flowers forornamental purposes

write
v. communicate by letter
v. produce a literary work

writer
n. a person who is able to write and has written something
n. writes (books or stories or articles or the like) professionally (for pay)

writing
n. the act of creating written works
n. (usually plural) the collected work of an author

written
a. written as for a film or play or broadcast
a. set down in writing in any of various ways

wrong
ad. in an inaccurate manner
v. treat unjustly; do wrong to

wrongly
ad. without justice or fairness
ad. in an inaccurate manner

xerox
n. a copy made by a xerographic printer
v. reproduce by xerography
x-ray
n. a radiogram made by exposing photographic film to X rays; used inmedical diagnosis
n. electromagnetic radiation of short wavelength produced when high-speedelectrons strike a solid target

year
n. a period of time occupying a regular part of a calendar year that is usedfor some particular activity
n. a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days

yearly
ad. without missing a year
n. a reference book that is published regularly once every year

yell
v. utter a sudden loud cry
n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition

yellow
a. typical of tabloids
a. affected by jaundice which causes yellowing of skin etc

yes
n. an affirmative

yesterday
ad. on the day preceding today
n. the day immediately before today

yet
ad. up to the present time
ad. used in negative statement to describe a situation that has existed up tothis point or up to the present time

young
a. not tried or tested by experience
a. being in its early stage

youngster
n. a young person of either sex

youth
n. the time of life between childhood and maturity
n. a young person (especially a young man or boy)

youthful
a. suggestive of youth; vigorous and fresh

zebra
n. any of several fleet black-and-white striped African equines

zero
n. a quantity of no importance
a. of or relating to the null set (a set with no members)

zinc
v. coat or cover with zinc
n. a bluish-white lustrous metallic element; brittle at ordinary temperaturesbut malleable when heated; used in a wide variety of alloys and ingalvanizing iron; it occurs naturally as zinc sulphide in zinc blende

zip
n. a quantity of no importance
v. close with a zipper

zipcode
n. a code of letters and digits added to a postal address to aid in the sortingof mail

zipper
v. close with a zipper
n. a fastener for locking together two toothed edges by means of a slidingtab

zoo
n. the facility where wild animals are housed for exhibition