
pacific
a. disposed to peace or of a peaceful nature
n. the largest ocean in the world

package
v. put into a box
n. a wrapped container

packet
n. a small package or bundle
n. (computer science) a message or message fragment

packing
n. any material used especially to protect something
n. the enclosure of something in a package or box

page
n. a boy who is employed to run errands
n. in medieval times a youth acting as a knight's attendant as the first stagein training for knighthood

pail
n. a roughly cylindrical vessel that is open at the top
n. the quantity contained in a pail

pain
n. a bothersome annoying person
n. something or someone that causes trouble; a source of unhappiness

painful
a. causing misery or pain or distress
a. causing physical or psychological pain

paint
n. a substance used as a coating to protect or decorate a surface (especiallya mixture of pigment suspended in a liquid); dries to form a hard coating
v. apply paint to; coat with paint

painter
n. a worker who is employed to cover objects with paint
n. an artist who paints

palace
n. a large ornate exhibition hall
n. official residence of an exalted person (as a sovereign)

panda
n. large black-and-white herbivorous mammal of bamboo forests of Chinaand Tibet; in some classifications considered a member of the bear family orof a separate family Ailuropodidae
n. reddish-brown Old World raccoon-like carnivore; in some classific...

panther
n. a large spotted feline of tropical America similar to the leopard; in some
classifications considered a member of the genus Felis
n. a leopard in the black color phase

paper
n. a business firm that publishes newspapers
n. a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains news and articlesand advertisements

papers
n. writing that provides information (especially information of an officialnature)

parcel
n. an extended area of land
v. cover with strips of canvas

pardon
v. accept an excuse for
v. grant a pardon to

parent
v. bring up
n. a father or mother; one who begets or one who gives birth to or nurturesand raises a child; a relative who plays the role of guardian

paris
n. a town in northeastern Texas
n. the capital and largest city of France; and international center of cultureand commerce

parish
n. the local subdivision of a diocese committed to one pastor
n. a local church community

park
n. Scottish explorer in Africa (1771-1806)
n. a gear position that acts as a parking brake

parking
n. space in which vehicles can be parked
n. the act of maneuvering a vehicle into a location where it can be lefttemporarily

parlor
n. reception room in an inn or club where visitors can be received
n. a room in a private house or establishment where people can sit and talkand relax

parrot
v. repeat mindlessly
n. a copycat who does not understand the words or acts being imitated

part
v. leave
n. a portion of a natural object

partially
ad. in part; in some degree; not wholly

participation
n. the act of sharing in the activities of a group
n. the condition of sharing in common with others (as fellows or partnersetc.)

particular
a. first and most important
a. unique or specific to a person or thing or category

particularly
ad. to a distinctly greater extent or degree than is common
ad. uniquely or characteristically

partly
ad. in part; in some degree; not wholly

partnership
n. a contract between two or more persons who agree to pool talent andmoney and share profits or losses
n. a cooperative relationship between people or groups who agree to shareresponsibility for achieving some specific goal
part-time
a. involving less than the standard or customary time for an activity
ad. for less than the standard number of hours

party
n. a group of people gathered together for pleasure
n. a band of people associated temporarily in some activity

pass
v. pass time in a specific way
v. throw (a ball) to another player

passable
a. able to be passed or traversed or crossed
a. about average; acceptable

passage
n. the motion of one object relative to another
n. the act of passing from one state or place to the next

passenger
n. a traveler riding in a vehicle (a boat or bus or car or plane or train etc)who is not operating it

past
a. earlier than the present time; no longer current
n. a verb tense that expresses actions or states in the past

paste
v. join or attach with or as if with glue
v. cover the surface of

patience
n. a card game played by one person
n. good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence

patient
n. a person who requires medical care
a. enduring trying circumstances with even temper or characterized by suchendurance

pattern
n. a model considered worthy of imitation
n. something regarded as a normative example

pause
n. a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something
n. temporary inactivity

paw
v. touch clumsily
n. the (prehensile) extremity of the superior limb

pay
v. do or give something to somebody in return
v. give money, usually in exchange for goods or services

payable
n. a liability account showing how much is owed for goods and servicespurchased on credit
a. subject to or requiring payment especially as specified

payment
n. a sum of money paid or a claim discharged
n. an act of requiting; returning in kind

pea
n. a leguminous plant of the genus Pisum with small white flowers and longgreen pods containing edible green seeds
n. seed of a pea plant used for food

peace
n. the state prevailing during the absence of war
n. a treaty to cease hostilities

peaceful
a. not disturbed by strife or turmoil or war
a. peacefully resistant in response to injustice

peacock
n. European butterfly having reddish-brown wings each marked with apurple eyespot
n. male peafowl; having a crested head and very large fanlike tail markedwith iridescent eyes or spots

peanut
n. pod of the peanut vine containing usually 2 nuts or seeds; `groundnut'and `monkey nut' are British terms
n. widely cultivated American plant cultivated in tropical and warm regions;showy yellow flowers on stalks that bend over to the soil so that...

pear
n. Old World tree having sweet gritty-textured juicy fruit; widely cultivated inmany varieties
n. sweet juicy gritty-textured fruit available in many varieties

pearl
n. a shade of white the color of bleached bones
n. a smooth lustrous round structure inside the shell of a clam or oyster;much valued as a jewel

peasant
n. one of a (chiefly European) class of agricultural laborers
n. a country person

peasantry
n. the class of peasants

pedlar
n. someone who travels about selling his wares (as on the streets or atcarnivals)

peep
v. make high-pitched sounds
v. cause to appear

peg
n. a prosthesis that replaces a missing leg
n. regulator that can be turned to regulate the pitch of the strings of astringed instrument

pen
n. female swan
n. a writing implement with a point from which ink flows

pencil
n. graphite (or a similar substance) used in such a way as to be a medium ofcommunication
n. a figure formed by a set of straight lines or light rays meeting at a point

penicillin
n. any of various antibiotics obtained from Penicillium molds (or producedsynthetically) and used in the treatment of various infections and diseases

peninsular
a. of or forming or resembling a peninsula

penny
n. a coin worth one-hundredth of the value of the basic unit
n. a fractional monetary unit of Ireland and the United Kingdom; equal toone hundredth of a pound

people
n. the body of citizens of a state or country
v. furnish with people

pepper
n. any of various tropical plants of the genus Capsicum bearing peppers
v. add pepper to

percentage
n. a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount perhundred)
n. assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person orgroup

perfectly
ad. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers
ad. in a perfect or faultless way

perhaps
ad. by chance

permanence
n. the property of being able to exist for an indefinite duration

permanently
ad. for a long time without essential change

person
n. a human being
n. a grammatical category used in the classification of pronouns, possessivedeterminers, and verb forms according to whether they indicate the speaker,the addressee, or a third party

personally
ad. concerning the speaker
ad. as a person

persuasion
n. a personal belief or judgment that is not founded on proof or certainty
n. the act of persuading (or attempting to persuade); communicationintended to induce belief or action

pertinence
n. relevance by virtue of being applicable to the matter at hand

perturbed
a. thrown into a state of agitated confusion; (`rattled' is an informal term)

perusal
n. reading carefully with intent to remember

pessimist
n. a person who expects the worst

pessimistic
a. expecting the worst possible outcome

petrol
n. a volatile flammable mixture of hydrocarbons (hexane and heptane andoctane etc.) derived from petroleum; used mainly as a fuel in internal-combustion engines

philosopher
n. a specialist in philosophy
n. a wise person who is calm and rational; someone who lives a life ofreason with equanimity

philosophical
a. of or relating to philosophy or philosophers
a. characterized by the attitude of a philosopher; meeting trouble with level-headed detachment

phone
n. (phonetics) an individual sound unit of speech without concern as towhether or not it is a phoneme of some language
n. electronic equipment that converts sound into electrical signals that canbe transmitted over distances and then converts receiv...

photo
n. a representation of a person or scene in the form of a print or transparentslide; recorded by a camera on light-sensitive material

photographer
n. someone who takes photographs professionally

photography
n. the occupation of taking and printing photographs or making movies
n. the act of taking and printing photographs

physically
ad. in accord with physical laws

physicist
n. a scientist trained in physics

physics
n. the physical properties, phenomena, and laws of something
n. the science of matter and energy and their interactions

pianist
n. a person who plays the piano

pickle
v. preserve in a pickling liquid
n. informal terms for a difficult situation

pickpocket
n. a thief who steals from the pockets or purses of others in public places

pictorial
a. evoking lifelike images within the mind
n. a periodical (magazine or newspaper) containing many pictures

picture
v. show in, or as in, a picture
n. a typical example of some state or quality

pie
n. dish baked in pastry-lined pan often with a pastry top
n. a prehistoric unrecorded language that was the ancestor of all Indo-European languages

piece
v. to join or unite the pieces of
v. join during spinning

pig
n. domestic swine
v. live like a pig, in squalor

pigeon
n. wild and domesticated birds having a heavy body and short legs

pilferage
n. the act of stealing small amounts or small articles

pilgrimage
n. a journey to a sacred place

pink
v. cut in a zigzag pattern with pinking shears, in sewing
a. of a light shade of red

pint
n. a British imperial capacity measure (liquid or dry) equal to 4 gills or568.26 cubic centimeters
n. a United States liquid unit equal to 16 fluid ounces; two pints equal onequart

pipe
n. a hollow cylindrical shape
n. a tube with a small bowl at one end; used for smoking tobacco

pipeline
n. a pipe used to transport liquids or gases
n. gossip spread by spoken communication

pity
n. a feeling of sympathy and sorrow for the misfortunes of others
n. an unfortunate development

place
n. a general vicinity
n. the passage that is being read

plan
n. an arrangement scheme
v. make a design of; plan out in systematic, often graphic form

plant
v. fix or set securely or deeply
n. an actor situated in the audience whose acting is rehearsed but seemsspontaneous to the audience

platinum
n. a heavy precious metallic element; grey-white and resistant to corroding;occurs in some nickel and copper ores and is also found native in somedeposits

play
v. behave in a certain way
v. stake on the outcome of an issue

player
n. someone who plays a musical instrument (as a profession)
n. an important participant (as in a business deal)

playground
n. yard consisting of an outdoor area for children's play
n. an area where many people go for recreation

playmate
n. a companion at play

pleasant
a. affording pleasure; being in harmony with your taste or likings
a. (of persons) having pleasing manners or behavior

please
ad. used in polite request
v. give satisfaction

pleased
a. feeling pleasurable satisfaction over something by which you measuresyour self-worth
a. experiencing or manifesting pleasure

plenary
a. full in all respects

plentiful
a. existing in great number or quantity
a. affording an abundant supply

plenty
n. a full supply
ad. as much as necessary

plural
a. grammatical number category referring to two or more items or units
a. composed of more than one member, set, or kind

pneumatic
a. of or relating to or using air (or a similar gas)

pocket
n. a hollow concave shape made by removing something
n. a local region of low pressure or descending air that causes a plane tolose height suddenly

poem
n. a composition written in metrical feet forming rhythmical lines

poet
n. a writer of poems (the term is usually reserved for writers of good poetry)

poetry
n. any communication resembling poetry in beauty or the evocation offeeling
n. literature in metrical form

point
n. a linear unit used to measure the size of type; approximately 1/72 inch
n. a geometric element that has position but no extension

pointed
a. having a point
a. direct and obvious in meaning or reference; often unpleasant

poison
v. add poison to
v. administer poison to

poisonous
a. not safe to eat
a. marked by deep ill will; deliberately harmful

poker
n. any of various card games in which players bet that they hold the highest-ranking hand
n. fire iron consisting of a metal rod with a handle; used to stir a fire

polarity
n. a relation between two opposite attributes or tendencies
n. having an indicated pole (as the distinction between positive and negativeelectric charges)

police
n. the force of policemen and officers
v. maintain the security of by carrying out a patrol

policeman
n. a member of a police force

polite
a. showing regard for others in manners, speech, behavior, etc.
a. marked by refinement in taste and manners

politeness
n. a courteous manner that respects accepted social usage
n. the act of showing regard for others

political
a. of or relating to your views about social relationships involving authorityor power
a. involving or characteristic of politics or parties or politicians

politician
n. a schemer who tries to gain advantage in an organization in sly orunderhanded ways
n. a person active in party politics

polymer
n. a naturally occurring or synthetic compound consisting of large moleculesmade up of a linked series of repeated simple monomers

pond
n. a small lake

pool
n. a small body of standing water (rainwater) or other liquid
v. combine into a common fund

poor
n. people without possessions or wealth (considered as a group)
a. characterized by or indicating poverty

pop
v. bulge outward
v. release suddenly

pope
n. the head of the Roman Catholic Church
n. English poet and satirist (1688-1744)

popularize
v. make understandable to the general public
v. cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public;bring into general or common use

population
n. the people who inhabit a territory or state
n. the number of inhabitants (either the total number or the number of aparticular race or class) in a given place (country or city etc.)

pork
n. a legislative appropriation designed to ingratiate legislators with theirconstituents
n. meat from a domestic hog or pig

porridge
n. soft food made by boiling oatmeal or other meal or legumes in water ormilk until thick

porter
n. United States composer and lyricist of musical comedies (1891-1946)
n. United States writer of novels and short stories (1890-1980)

portugal
n. a republic in southwestern Europe on the Iberian Peninsula; Portugueseexplorers and colonists in the 15th and 16th centuries created a vastoverseas empire (including Brazil)

portuguese
a. of or relating to or characteristic of Portugal or the people of Portugal ortheir language
n. a native or inhabitant of Portugal

position
n. the appropriate or customary location
v. cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation

positively
ad. so as to be positive; in a positive manner
ad. extremely

possessive
n. the case expressing ownership
a. having or showing a desire to control or dominate

possibility
n. capability of existing or happening or being true
n. a future prospect or potential

possible
n. something that can be done
a. capable of happening or existing

possibly
ad. by chance
ad. to a degree possible of achievement or by possible means

postman
n. a man who delivers the mail
post-office
n. a local branch where postal services are available
n. a children's game in which kisses are exchanged for pretended letters

postponement
n. time during which some action is awaited
n. act of putting off to a future time

potato
n. annual native to South America having underground stolons bearing
edible starchy tubers; widely cultivated as a garden vegetable; vines arepoisonous
n. an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland

powder
n. a solid substance in the form of tiny loose particles; a solid that has beenpulverized
n. a mixture of potassium nitrate, charcoal, and sulfur in a 75:15:10 ratiowhich is used in gunnery, time fuses, and fireworks

power
n. a very wealthy or powerful businessman
n. (of a government or government official) holding an office means being inpower

powerful
a. having great power or force or potency or effect
a. strong enough to knock down or overwhelm

practice
n. a customary way of operation or behavior
n. the exercise of a profession

practise
v. carry out or practice; as of jobs and professions
v. learn by repetition

praise
n. an expression of approval and commendation
n. offering words of homage as an act of worship

pray
v. address a deity, a prophet, a saint or an object of worship; say a prayer
v. call upon in supplication; entreat

prayer
n. a fixed text used in praying
n. someone who prays to God

preacher
n. someone whose occupation is preaching the gospel

precisely
ad. in a precise manner
ad. just as it should be

predominance
n. the quality of being more noticeable than anything else
n. the state of being predominant over others

prefer
v. select as an alternative over another
v. give preference to one creditor over another

preferably
ad. more readily or willingly

preferential
a. manifesting partiality

prefix
v. attach a prefix to
n. an affix that is added in front of the word

premier
v. be performed for the first time
n. the person who holds the position of head of the government in theUnited Kingdom

premises
v. set forth beforehand, often as an explanation
v. furnish with a preface or introduction

preoccupy
v. engage or engross the interest or attention of beforehand or occupyurgently or obsessively
v. occupy or take possession of beforehand or before another or appropriatefor use in advance

preparation
n. the cognitive process of thinking about what you will do in the event ofsomething happening
n. the act of preparing something (as food) by the application of heat

prepare
v. educate for a future role or function
v. lead up to and soften by sounding the dissonant note in it as a consonantnote in the preceding chord

prepared
a. made ready or fit or suitable beforehand
a. having made preparations

preposition
n. (linguistics) the placing of one linguistic element before another (asplacing a modifier before the word it modifies in a sentence or placing anaffix before the base to which it is attached)
n. a function word that combines with a noun or pronoun...

presently
ad. in the near future
ad. at this time or period; now

preset
a. set in advance

president
n. the officer who presides at the meetings of an organization
n. the office of the United States head of state

presidential
a. relating to a president or presidency
a. befitting a president

pressing
n. the act of pressing; the exertion of pressure
a. compelling immediate action

pretend
v. put forward, of a guess, in spite of possible refutation
v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of

pretty
ad. to a moderately sufficient extent or degree
a. pleasing by delicacy or grace; not imposing

prevalence
n. a superiority in numbers or amount
n. (epidemiology) the ratio (for a given time period) of the number ofoccurrences of a disease or event to the number of units at risk in thepopulation

prevent
v. keep from happening or arising; make impossible
v. stop (someone or something) from doing something or being in a certainstate

prevention
n. the act of preventing

previously
ad. at an earlier time or formerly

price
n. the high value or worth of something
n. value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtainsomething
price-list
n. a listing of prices for different goods or services

pricing
n. the high value or worth of something
n. value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtainsomething

pride
n. satisfaction with your (or another's) achievements
n. a feeling of self-respect and personal worth

priest
n. a clergyman in Christian churches who has the authority to perform oradminister various religious rites; one of the Holy Orders
n. a person who performs religious duties and ceremonies in a non-Christianreligion

primarily
ad. of primary import
ad. for the most part

prince
n. a male member of a royal family other than the sovereign (especially theson of a sovereign)

princess
n. a female member of a royal family other than the queen (especially thedaughter of a sovereign)

principally
ad. for the most part

print
n. a visible indication made on a surface
n. a printed picture produced from a photographic negative

printer
n. (computer science) an output device that prints the results of dataprocessing
n. someone whose occupation is printing

prism
n. a polyhedron with two congruent and parallel faces (the bases) and whoselateral faces are parallelograms
n. optical device having a triangular shape and made of glass or quartz;used to deviate a beam or invert an image

prison
n. a prisonlike situation; a place of seeming confinement
n. a correctional institution where persons are confined while on trial or forpunishment

prisoner
n. a person who is confined; especially a prisoner of war

private
a. concerning one person exclusively
a. not expressed

privileged
a. blessed with privileges
a. not subject to usual rules or penalties

prize
v. regard highly; think much of
v. hold dear

probability
n. a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a numberexpressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of casespossible
n. the quality of being probable; a probable event or the most probableevent

probable
a. apparently destined
a. likely but not certain to be or become true or real

probably
ad. easy to believe on the basis of available evidence
ad. with considerable certainty; without much doubt

problem
n. a source of difficulty
n. a question raised for consideration or solution

processing
v. institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against
v. march in a procession

procurement
n. the act of getting possession of something

producer
n. someone who manufactures something
n. someone who finds financing for and supervises the making andpresentation of a show (play or film or program or similar work)

product
n. a quantity obtained by multiplication
n. a consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances

production
n. the act or process of producing something
n. the creation of value or wealth by producing goods and services

profess
v. state freely
v. practice as a profession, teach, or claim to be knowledgeable about

professor
n. someone who is a member of the faculty at a college or university

profitable
a. yielding material gain or profit

program
v. arrange a program of or for
n. a series of steps to be carried out or goals to be accomplished

programing
n. setting an order and time for planned events
n. creating a sequence of instructions to enable the computer to dosomething

prohibition
n. refusal to approve or assent to
n. a decree that prohibits something

promissory
a. relating to or having the character of a promise

promotion
n. encouragement of the progress or growth or acceptance of something
n. the advancement of some enterprise

promptly
ad. with little or no delay
ad. in a punctual manner

pronoun
n. a function word that is used in place of a noun or noun phrase

pronounce
v. speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
v. pronounce judgment on

pronunciation
n. the way a word or a language is customarily spoken
n. the manner in which someone utters a word

propagation
n. the movement of a wave through a medium
n. the spreading of something (a belief or practice) into new regions

propellent
a. tending to or capable of propelling
n. any substance that propels

properly
ad. with reason or justice
ad. in the right manner

prophesy
v. predict or reveal through, or as if through, divine inspiration
v. deliver a sermon

proportional
n. one of the quantities in a mathematical proportion
a. having a constant ratio

prosecution
n. the lawyers acting for the state to put the case against the defendant
n. the continuance of something begun with a view to its completion

protect
v. shield from danger, injury, destruction, or damage
v. use tariffs to favor domestic industry

protection
n. the activity of protecting someone or something
n. the imposition of duties or quotas on imports in order to protect domesticindustry against foreign competition

protectionism
n. the policy of imposing duties or quotas on imports in order to protecthome industries from overseas competition

protective
a. intended or adapted to afford protection of some kind
a. (usually followed by `of') solicitously caring or mindful

protestant
n. an adherent of Protestantism
n. the Protestant churches and denominations collectively

protracted
a. relatively long in duration; tediously protracted

proud
a. having or displaying great dignity or nobility
a. feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure yourself-worth; or being a reason for pride

prove
v. increase in volume
v. be shown or be found to be

proverb
n. a condensed but memorable saying embodying some important fact ofexperience that is taken as true by many people

provide
v. make a possibility or provide opportunity for; permit to be attainable orcause to remain
v. determine (what is to happen in certain contingencies), especially byincluding a proviso condition or stipulation

province
n. the proper sphere or extent of your activities
n. the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts ofa nation

proximo
a. in or of the next month after the present

psychological
a. mental or emotional as opposed to physical in nature
a. of or relating to or determined by psychology

psychologist
n. a scientist trained in psychology

public
n. a body of people sharing some common interest
n. people in general considered as a whole

publicly
ad. by the public or the people generally
ad. in a manner accessible to or observable by the public; openly

publisher
n. a firm in the publishing business
n. a person engaged in publishing periodicals or books or music

pudding
n. (British) the dessert course of a meal (`pud' is used informally)
n. any of various soft thick unsweetened baked dishes

puff
v. blow hard and loudly
n. a short light gust of air

pulley
n. a simple machine consisting of a wheel with a groove in which a rope canrun to change the direction or point of application of a force applied to therope

punctuality
n. the quality or habit of adhering to an appointed time

punctuation
n. the use of certain marks to clarify meaning of written material bygrouping words grammatically into sentences and clauses and phrases
n. something that makes repeated and regular interruptions or divisions

punish
v. impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on

punishment
n. the act of punishing

puppet
n. a small figure of a person operated from above with strings by apuppeteer
n. a person who is controlled by others and is used to perform unpleasant ordishonest tasks for someone else

purchaser
n. a person who buys

pure
a. (of color) being chromatically pure; not diluted with white or grey or black
a. free from discordant qualities

purely
ad. restricted to something

purpose
n. an anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your plannedactions
v. propose or intend

pursuance
n. a search for an alternative that meets cognitive criteria
n. the continuance of something begun with a view to its completion

pursuant
a. (followed by `to') in conformance to or agreement with

push
n. enterprising or ambitious drive
v. exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or obtrusively to gain an end orengage in a crusade for a certain cause or person; be an advocate for

put
v. make an investment
v. attribute or give