; a kitchen full of fancy gadgets	有各式各样小器具的厨房
; He's always using fancy legal words	他总是使用异常复杂的法律词语
; fancy restaurants with fancy prices	价格昂贵的豪华餐厅
; fancy goods	饰物礼品
; some places do not allow you to back in	有些地方不允许倒着停车
; They don’t want you to exhaust into apartments windows and facade	他们不想你的尾气进入窗户或者正门
; Many truck beds and hitches hang over the space	许多卡车的地盘和挂钩是凸出来的
; a bleak landscape	荒芜的景色
; a bleak winter's day	阴冷的冬日
; a bleak prospect	暗淡的前景
; the house looked grim	这房子显得很凄凉
; grim news	令人沮丧的消息
; a gloomy room	昏暗的房间
; a gloomy expression	忧郁的神情
; a gloomy picture of the economic future	经济前景的暗淡景象
; The players sat there with glum looks on their faces	队员们愁眉苦脸地坐在那儿
; Tesla absolutely cannot be where it is today without Elon's vision	没有Elon的眼界，特斯拉绝不可能来到今日的地位
; I do a lot of reroutes through the maps	视频期间我做了很多次路线调整
; The point of this test is to do the lower whacker drive	测试的重点是去跑一下Lower Whacker Drive这条道
; The rest of this is kind of ad hoc	剩下的（测试）部分是差不多特地安排的
; Getting a visa isn't as simple as you might suppose.	办签证不像你想的那么容易
; Prices will go up, I suppose.	我觉得物价将会上涨
; This combination of qualities is generally supposed to be extremely rare.	一般认为，同时具有这样一些品质极为罕见
; She had supposed him (to be) very rich.	她原以为他很有钱
; I had supposed his wife a younger woman.	我原以为他妻子要更年轻
; I don't suppose for a minute that he'll agree (= I'm sure that he won't).	我认为他决不会同意
; There is no reason to suppose she's lying.	认为她在说谎完全没道理
; Suppose flights are fully booked on that day—which other day could we go?	假定那天的航班都订满了，我们还可以在哪天走呢？
; The theory supposes the existence of life on other planets.	这个理论假定其他行星存在生命
; Suppose him (to be) dead—what then?	假设他死了，那怎么办？
; I could take you in the car, I suppose (= but I don't really want to).	要不你坐我的车
; 'Can I borrow the car?' 'I suppose so.' (= Yes, but I'm not happy about it.)	“我能借这辆车吗？” “应该可以吧”
; I don't suppose (that) I could have a look at your newspaper, could I?	我能不能看看您的报纸？
; Suppose we take a later train?	要不我们坐晚一点的火车？
; The engine doesn't sound like it's supposed to.	发动机听起来不对劲
; You're not supposed to walk on the grass.	不准践踏草地
; You were supposed to be here an hour ago!	你本该在一小时以前就到这儿！
; I thought we were supposed to be paid today.	我以为我们今天会领到薪水呢
; It requires going over the Chicago River, which takes me over a bridge	这需要我们穿过Chicago River, 过河的时候需要过一座桥
; He had a really nice camera by the way	话说他的相机不错
; it took only a moment to dial in the numbers	拨这个号码只用了一点点时间
; Check the tyre pressure on the dial.	检查一下仪表盘显示的车胎压力
; you're expected to dial in volume and tone settings	你估计需要调一下音量和音调
; The language of the article will have to be toned down for the mass market.	这篇文章的措辞必须缓和一下以适合大众市场
; Fast forward to his inspirational commencement speech	快进到他鼓舞人心的毕业演讲
; The candles shed a soft glow on her face.	蜡烛在她的脸上映着一层柔光
; In that very small period, it was telling it to go here	在那一刹那，它说要走这边
; I was just adding stuff ad hoc	我只是加一些临时的东西
; When the light turns green, it proceeds forward	等到变绿灯后，它才继续往前走
; It does exactly what it needs to do	它做了正是它需要做的事儿
; This is iconic Chicago scenery	这是Chicago标志性的景观
; You can never drive through Chicago without construction	你永远开不出Chicago如果不经过施工地
; It finds the gap between her and the other person walking	他找到了她和另外一个正在行人之间的空挡
; Agian, we are passing by the Chicago theatre.	我们又一次的经过Chicago剧院
; I did a lot of reroutes during this drive	这一趟我变了很多路线
; I headed back to suburb later this day.	晚些时候我回到了郊区
; We urged them to sort out the problem sooner rather than later.	我们敦促他们及早解决那个问题
; You can see this bus pulling in front	你可以看到这辆车开到我前面来了
; In the past, it would go into those bus lands	在过去它会开到公交车道上去
; You shouldn't be yielding to something behind you	你不应该让路给你后面的东西
; I didn't see the cyclist	我没看到这个骑自行车的人
; It's debatable whether it's the right thing to do or not	这是不是正确的做法有待商榷
; It's staying away from the bike lane	它不会去占自行车道
; The bike lane shares lanes with cars	这个自行车道是和汽车共用的
; If a bike is there, it will sweave in or out whatsover	如果道上有自行车，它就会在两个车道上来回穿行之类的
; Many countries favour a presidential system of government.	很多国家选择总统制政府
; The treaty seems to favour the US.	这项条约似乎偏向美国
; The warm climate favours many types of tropical plants.	温暖的气候对多种热带植物生长有利
; shore up confidence in private sector	提振私营产业的信心
; He argued in favour of a strike.	他据理力争主张罢工
; He abandoned teaching in favour of a career as a musician.	他弃教从事音乐
; There were 247 votes in favour (of the motion) and 152 against.	有 247 票赞成（动议），152 票反对
; I'm all in favour of (= completely support) equal pay for equal work.	我完全支持同工同酬
; Most of the 'don't knows' in the opinion polls came down in favour of (= eventually chose to support) the Democrats.	在民意测验中多数未作决定的选民最终决定支持民主党人
; As an examiner, she showed no favour to any candidate.	作为主考人她没有偏袒任何应试者
; The suggestion to close the road has found favour with (= been supported by) local people.	关闭这条路的建议已得到当地人的支持
; The programme has lost favour with viewers recently.	近来这个节目已不受观众欢迎
; Thanks for helping me out. I'll return the favour (= help you because you have helped me) some time.	多谢你帮了我个大忙总有一天我会报答你的
; I would never ask for any favours from her.	我再也不会请她帮任何忙了
; I'm going as a favour to Ann, not because I want to.	我去是给安一个面子，而不是我想去
; I'll ask Steve to take it. He owes me a favour.	我要让史蒂夫接受，他欠我一个人情
; Do yourself a favour (= help yourself) and wear a helmet on the bike.	要照顾自己，骑车戴上头盔
; She's not in favour with (= supported or liked by) the media just now.	目前她没有媒体的捧场
; It seems Tim is back in favour with the boss (= the boss likes him again).	看来蒂姆又赢得了老板的好感
; I'm killing time in an airport.	我正在机场消磨时间
; It's aws keynote time	现在是AWS的keynote时间
; I just unmuted it	我取消了它的静音
; 'Shall I wait?' 'No, don't bother'.	“要我等一下吗？” “不，别费事了”
; I don't know why I bother! Nobody ever listens!	我不知道我干吗要浪费时间！根本没人听！
; Maybe it's naive of me	我可能幼稚了
; They didn't drag Jassy on the stage to go on about how important security it to them	他们没有把Jassy拉到抬上来继续讲安全对他们有多重要
; Most people walk at an average rate of 5 kilometres an hour.	大多数人步行的平均速度为每小时 5 公里
; Figures published today show another fall in the rate of inflation.	今天公布的数字表明通货膨胀速度又一次下降
; At the rate you work, you'll never finish!	以你工作的速度，你永远也做不完！
; Local businesses are closing at a/the rate of three a year.	地方企业正在以每年三家的速度关闭
; a high/low/rising rate of unemployment	高／低／不断增长的失业率
; the annual crime/divorce rate	年犯罪／离婚率
; His pulse rate dropped suddenly.	他的脉搏速率突然下降
; advertising/insurance/postal, etc. rates	广告费、保险费、邮费等
; a low/high hourly rate of pay	按小时支付的低／高报酬
; We offer special reduced rates  for students.	我们对学生有特惠价格
; a fixed-rate mortgage	定额偿还按揭贷款
; the basic rate of tax	基本税额
; Well, that's one good piece of news at any rate.	不管怎么说，那是个好消息
; At this rate, we'll soon be bankrupt.	照此情形，我们很快就会破产
; The university is highly rated  for its research.	这所大学因其研究工作而受到高度评价
; They rated him highly as a colleague.	作为同事，他们对他评价甚高
; Voters continue to rate education high on their list of priorities.	选民继续把教育看作是头等重要的大事
; The show was rated (as) a success by critics and audiences.	评论家和观众都认为这次演出是成功的
; The match rated as one of their worst defeats.	这次比赛可以说是他们最为惨重的一次失败
; The schools were rated according to their exam results.	这些学校是按考试成绩排名次的
; a top-rated programme	一级项目
; She is currently rated number two in the world.	她目前排名世界第二
; a conspiracy theory based on a like about to be vaporized	基于一个点赞的阴谋论即将烟消云散
; Australian confidence posts biggest weekly fall this year	澳大利亚消费者信心遭遇今年的单周最大跌幅
; fly science to orbit	将科学活动带到轨道
; advance our abilities to live and work in space	提高在太空生活和工作的能力
; on the road of making life multiplanetary	在通往跨行星生命的路上
; Diesel demand has hits a 26-year low as EV, hydrogen sales boom	柴油需要创26年新低，随着电车、氢能源销售的激增
; Shawn is under inverstigation	正在面临调查
; Jury finds Hunter Biden guilty on all three counts.	法官判处Hunter Biden三项罪名都成立
; GM announces it's trimming its expected sales of all electric vehicles this year by 50%	GM宣布调低50%的今年旗下全电车的预期销量
; Now the company expected sales of 10，000-20，000 EVs, down from previously announced range of 20k to 30k	现在这家公司预计的电车销量由之前宣布的20，000-30，000之间降到10,000-20,000
; A tornado damage scar	一次龙卷风的破坏痕迹
; Items marked with an asterisk can be omitted.	打星号的项目可以删去
; Prices are marked on the goods.	价格标在商品上
; The teacher marked her absent (= made a mark by name to show that she was ).	老师在她的名字旁做了个缺课的记号
; Why have you marked this wrong ?	你为什么批这道题为错？
; Do not open any mail marked 'Confidential'.	不要打开任何标有 “机密” 的邮件
; A large purple scar marked his cheek.	他的面颊上有一块大紫疤
; The surfaces are made from a material that doesn't mark.	这些台面是由不会留下污渍的材料做的
; The cross marks the spot where body was found.	十字记号标明了发现死尸的地点
; The route has been marked in red.	路线用红色标明了
; a ceremony to mark the 50th anniversary of end war	纪念战争结束 50 周年的庆典
; This speech may mark a change in government policy.	这篇演讲表明政府的政策可能会有变化
; The agreement marks a new phase in international relations.	这一协议标志着国际关系新时期的到来
; I hate marking exam papers.	我讨厌阅卷
; I spend at least six hours a week marking.	我每周至少要花六个小时批改作业
; a life marked by suffering	痛苦的一生
; He was marked as an enemy of the poor.	他被列为穷人的敌人
; Hughes was marking Taylor.	休斯在钉防泰勒
; Our defence had him closely marked.	我方后卫已经紧紧地钉住了他
; The children left dirty marks all over the kitchen floor.	孩子们把厨房的地板弄得污渍斑斑
; a burn / scratch mark	一块灼伤的／抓伤的疤痕
; Detectives found no marks on the body.	侦探没有在尸体上发现任何痕迹
; The kids left dirty marks all over the kitchen floor.	孩子们把厨房的地板弄得污迹斑斑
; blood stains	血迹
; Her fingerprints were all over the gun.	那支枪上布满了她的指纹
; She had streaks of grey in her hair.	她头上已是白发绺绺
; There isn't a speck of dust anywhere in the house.	整间房子一尘不染
; There were grease spots all over the walls.	墙上满是油渍
; a horse with white mark on its head	头上有块白斑的马
; He was about six feet tall, with no distinguishing marks.	他身高约六英尺，没什么特别的记号
; a white dog with a black patch on its head	头上有一块黑斑的白狗
; patches of dense fog	团团浓雾
; The letters 'i' and 'j' have dots over them.	字母 i 和 j 上面都有一点
; The island is a small green dot on the map.	这个岛在地图上是一个小绿点
; The horse had a white mark on its head.	这匹马头上有块白斑
; Which has spots, a leopard or a tiger?	有斑点的是豹还是虎？
; punctuation marks	标点符号
; Any piece of silver bearing his mark is extremely valuable.	带有他的印记的每一件银器都极有价值
; I put a mark in the margin to remind me check figure.	我在页边做了个记号来提醒自己核对一下这个数字
; On the day of funeral businesses remained closed as a mark respect.	葬礼那天，商户停业以示敬意
; Such coolness under pressure is the mark of a champion.	在压力下仍能这样保持冷静，这就是冠军相
; to get a good / poor mark in English	英语得分高／低
; to give sb a high / low mark	给某人高分／低分
; What's the pass mark (= you need in order to ) ?	合格分数是多少？
; I got full marks (= the highest mark possible ) in spelling test.	我在拼写测验中得了个满分
; 'You're wearing a tie ! ' Full marks for observation.	“你打领带啦！” “你真眼尖，我给你打满分”
; Unemployment has passed the four million mark.	失业人数已突破四百万大关
; She was leading at the half - way mark.	赛程到一半时是她领先
; the Mark II engine	II 型发动机
; Preheat the oven to gas Mark 6.	将烤箱预热到 6 挡
; Of the blows delivered, barely half found their mark.	仅有不到半数的出拳击中目标
; to hit / miss the mark	击中／错过目标

Interesting, it stayed too far right, right there	有意思，这里靠得太右边了
I'm going to be Chill mode on the highway, and back to Average mode once getting off the high	我在高速上会用Chill模式，然后下高速得时候再调回Average模式
It definitely should give more room for that person there	它绝对应该再多让一点给在那的人
It should get off the exit sooner	他应该早一点走这个出口
make sure it stay on route	确保它是按导航走的
Once we past the point up ahead	等到我们过了前面那个点
I still got honked	我还是按喇叭了
I'm going to mess around the camera angle since I'm not zooming on the screen 我要调一下摄像头的角度，因为不会去放大屏幕
On new versions, I assume something is going to mess around, unless I've put some miles on it and I know it's going to work well	我会假设新版本会出问题，除非我跑一段时间后知道确实没啥问题
Like in this spot, I don't see any problem here	想在这个位置，我没发现任何问题
still not as much as I would like it to be	仍然没有我想要它有的那种效果
This restaurant is meant to be excellent.	都说这家饭店很棒。
This is another fight in favour T1.	又是一次T1赚了的团战
working knowledge of DevOps	对DevOps有基本的掌握